Malaysian Jokes

Q: How does Fergie order Char Kuey Teow? A: Mai Hum, Mai Hum

Q: What is the strongest chicken in the world? A: Ayam Titanium

Q: What is Malaysians' favorite dish? A: Astro

Q: What is Malaysians' favorite city? A: Siti Nurhaliza

I wrote a joke on Malaysian flight MH370...but don't know where it went.

A Malaysian man buys a new phone. He puts it on airplane mode. Now he cant seem to find it anywhere.

What do R. Kelly and Malaysian Airlines have in common? They believe they can fly.

What do playing ball and Malaysian Airlines have in common? They are either a hit or a miss.

“I’m sick of eating airline food all the time,” said a Malaysian shark.

What is empty and spins round and round? Malaysian airlines baggage claim.

When I flew the Malaysian airlines last time, I decided not to shower first. Why? I figured I’ll get washed up on the shore.

One day one ocean was talking to another. “Check out this awesome plane I got! Malaysian airlines flights are a rare brand”. The second one replied, “Nah, man, I got one too!”

My dad’s computer crashed, and I asked him what he did. He replied, “I googled Malaysian airlines flights!”

Did you have fun in the zoo? No! The marsupials hurt my wife. What, how? She got kicked in the butt by a kangaroo while annoying them.

A Malaysian man buys a new phone. He puts it on airplane mode. Now he can’t seem to find it.

At the commonwealth games, some Malaysian athletes started looking very nervous once the fun ended. When asked what was wrong, they said, “We’ll have to board a Malaysian flight home!”

What is the heaviest mee? Wan tan mee.

A student learning to drive arrives at a busy intersection, he wasn't sure of the direction so he asked "Turn left?" the instructor said, "Right.". Then they died.

What do you call a happy burger? Burgembira.

A travelling foreigner came to Malaysia and stay at a hotel,The Bellboy at the hotel is actually a girl carried his luggage for him to his room,since the girl thought that foreigners give reasonably good tips, so she asked "duit duit" The foreigner misheard her and thought she was saying "do it, do it, While the foreigner was raping her, the girl scream "tolong, tolong", the foreigner thought she was saying "too long, too long"

What is Malaysia's favourite brand of coffee? "Kopikirla sendiri"

You know what they call a mixed child between an Iban and a Cina? A CIBAN

Banyak-banyak haiwan, haiwan mana yang suka simpan duit? Kuda because when they run they go 'kedekut kedekut kedekut'.

Banyak banyak haiwan, haiwan man yang kaya? Beruang! Sebab ber-wang! 

waitress: minum air apa bang customer: air love you

Q: When a Malay guy marries a Chinese/Punjabi mix girl, what will their child be? A: A Mah Chi Bai.

Malay driving Proton? Business man... Malay driving Kenari? Engineer... Malay driving BMW? Pencuri...

Chinese in a BMW: Loanshark... Malay in a BMW: Chauffeur... Indian in a BMW: Pencuri...

What do you call a Malaysian robot that can disguise itself as furniture? Perabot

A small book is called a booklet. A small pig is called a piglet. A small Singh? ...a singlet.

Q : Kotak apa yang paling berdosa? A : kotak sembayang

What is Anwar Ibrahim's favourite type of noodles? Soto-mee.

Why are Indians bad at football? Cause everytime they get a corner they open a mamak.

Kenal Dua lipa tak? Kalau satu lipa macam mana? Selipar

Friend was driving me around Ipoh and I am a clueless Selangorian. Friend: Did you know that thieves regularly break into cars in Ipoh to steal the turn signal lever? Me: Wow, really? Why would they do that? Are they druggies? Friend: Yeah, it's true. If not, how could you explain why Perakians never signal when they change lanes?

Why don’t Malaysian TV shows get commissioned? Because they all have terrible pilots.

Why has the Malaysian Government banned Cheese Boards? Because people keep reporting they’ve found de brie.

What do you eat in a rainy day? Pisang Go Rain 

What hill is impossible to climb? Mustahil

What sound did the car make when it ran over a makcik? TUDUNG

What do you call a cold joke? sejoke

Cokelat apa yang tak boleh lari? Tabolehrun

What did the sperm say to the other sperm that asked for directions to the egg? U TERUS

Camana nak tahu kereta Elon Musk power ke tak? Tesla.

What’s the longest malay name ever? Please throw you rubbish in the BIN thank you

if you cut pirate in half, what did you get? jack separuh

if goose reverses a car, it's called... goose-tan

what did the guy said when he discovered layang-layang? wau

where do data entry clerks like to visit in Malaysia? taiping

insects that don't want to sideway or giving away? ke-tepi-lah

what country is next to USA? USB

I keep all my (future) dad jokes at dad-a-base

Senjata apa yang paling masin? Masin Gun

What animal do you call its’ name three times? labah-labah la ba

Meh I belanja makan nasi Nasi apa? Nasihat

Child: Makan kat mana? Dad: Kat mulut le.. hahaha Child: ... *hungry as fuck Dad: *proud and satisfied, still not giving an answer.

At midnight, Malaysia's PM will change. It'll be AM instead

What sayur kuat lari? Sayur-sayuRUN

Why shouldn't figh a goose? Kerana dia suka berGOOSE-ti 

A: Why your skin so oily? B: Because it's my skin type. A: YOu oily skin type ah? B: No I miskin

What do you say to a goose that doesn't bite you? Ba-goose

What is a room without walls? Mushroom

Where do most horses live? The NEIGHbourhood

What does GST stand for? Government Say Thankyou

What does NATO stand for? No Action Talk only

What's a racist favourite food? Diskriminasi

How to end a conversation instantly? Abang ada medical card tak?

Girl, do u eat mangoes? Cause u make a mango crazy

Excuse me, is your name haze? Cause all I see here is you

Excuse me, are you Malay? Cuz you make my air liur Malaylay

Is your name Ismail? Cause I-smail when I see you

Is your name Ah Beng? Cause Ah Beng thinking about you

Is your name Yusof Taiyoob? Because I want a date 

Are you from Sabah? Cause I tak Sabah want to see you

Girl, do you like to eat chicken? Cuz when I see you, ayam happy

Hey girl, is your name Farah? Cuz I wanna ask you Farah date

Hey boy, is your name Yusof? Cuz Yusofcking Handsome

Girl do you go to the mamak often? Coz I teh tarik pada you

Hey girl, is your name Aida? Cuz Aida lama minat you

Hey girl, is your name Wei Ting? Cuz I've been WeiTing for you all my life 

Girl, do you like naan? Cuz there's naan other like you

Hey girl, are you a cow? Cause I cinta pada moo

Hey are you a chicken? Cause I am chicken you out

Girl, is your name Fatin? Cause baby I just fart in your car

Why is Ipoh the cleanest city? Cos when they see fly, they fo EEEE, POH!

Daughter: Look at all these hybrid cars. Dad: At least its better than... low-brids

Son: *starts weight-lifting* Dad: Your arms are huge. Son: Thanks. Dad: Better start losing some weight

*While arguing if the fish was salmon or cod* Annoyed dad: All fish are caught (cod) lah!

Son: Look pa, the guy has raibow spiky hair... Dad: You know why? Cos his mom married a peacock

If Binbin was Muslim and named his son after him, he would be called... Binbin bin Binbin

Daughter: Nak buka puasa tu, makan kat mana? Dad: Makan kat mulut

Daughter: Let's go. Dad: Ayam kambing. Daughter: Har? Dad: I am coming la...

Dad: Have you seen a mango up a coconut tree? Son: No. Dad: Neh, see the man go up the coconut tree

Ah Beng came back to his car and found a note sticking on his windscreen saying: 'Parking Fine'. He wrote a note and stuck it to a pole: 'Thanks for the compliment' before driving off.

Ah Beng: Doctor, both my ears are red and really painful. Doctor: What happened? Ah Beng: I was ironing my shirt, then the phone rang. But I accidentally picked up the iron instead of my handphone. Then kena, lah! Doctor: Then what about the other ear?! Why is it red? Ah Beng: The stupid fella call back, lah!

Guy: Can I have a coke can? Drinks stall lady: Can cannot but bottle can.

Question: Why didn’t the mantou shed a single tear when his mother died? Answer: Because he has no filling.

Question: Why did the palm tree get struck by lightning? Answer: Because it suay.

Question: Why did Ah Beng force 18 of his friends to watch a movie with him? Answer: Because the ad said below 18 not allowed to go in.

Why couldn't encik order McSpicy upsize? Because he's a regular.

Why couldn't the Indian uncle do a corner kick? Because everytime he goes to a corner he opens a mama shop.

Why trees unlucky? Cos they suay

A Chicken pau and a Plain prata watch a sad movie, which one of them cried? The Chicken pau because it got more filling

A Chicken pau and an Egg prata watch a sad movie, which one of them cried? The Egg prata, cos the Chicken pau see before already

A chicken pau and a mantou that went to watch the sad movie. Only the chicken pau cried because the mantou got no filling.

Do you know last time rickshaw is use solar power. 手拉 power

Where got? God is up there

Dad: How was the test? Me: It was hard Dad: Put water, make it soft.

Why don’t Malays like circular rooms? Because no corners to relak

BreadTalk and Kopitiam, who is more talkative? BreadTalk, because Bread talk, Kopi tiam.

What is the most expensive rice? Nasi wawu jibaban

The item got no price tag? Means free lah

Why is the fish always the worst liar when it comes to food? Because 鱼骗米粉

Daddy joke to wife and not to kids. Wife: what you want to eat? Husband: Xia mian.

What nasi do you eat in your dreams? Imaginasi.

What do you call a prawn with broken legs? Lame sia

Why are you so selfish?!? Wow, I didn't know I sell so many fish.

Who should pour the tea, man or woman? Man, because Hebrew

There was actually an invisible Chinese Emperor. Emperor Can't See (Kangxi).

Why do so many generals contest in the GEs? Cos it's a general election

What sound does a Mak Cik make when she falls down? Tu-dung!

What's the difference between an Arab and a Malay? During Ramadan, the Arabs fast. The Malays slow.

What do you call a lazy tiger that stays home all day and only drinks beer? A tiger bum.

A foreigner is so impressed that Malaysia is going to produce so many legal practitioners. This is because he went around asking the undergrads what they do in universities, most of them replied "study law".

At Miss Universe pageant questions round, the Malaysian contestant was asked, "Name a fruit that starts with 'L'." Her reply was "Liulian"

Does your sister get a B on the Math test? Congratulation. You only child now.

What is an Asian without A’s? SIN

Why did Ah Beng force 18 of his friends to watch a movie with him? Because the ad said below 18 not allowed to go in.

After Malaysia auditioned for the talent show, what did the Italians say to them? You Singapore.

Kim Jong Un has arrived in Malaysian. An immigration officer began asking him questions as soon as he arrived. The officer asked him “occupation?” Kim replied “no, just visiting”.

How would you call when you saw a blind deer? No idea…. (No Eye Deer)

Xiao Ming before exercise legs were already very ‘suan’. Why? Because he stepped on a lemon

Why didn’t the mantou shed a single tear when his mother died? Because he has no filling.

Ah Bao was murdered! However the police quickly found the killer.. who is it? Dou Sha Bao

Why does Ah Lian throw butter out of the window? Because she wants to see Butterfly.

Why does Barbie dolls always die when they queue up for Hello Kitty? Because they’re barbecued (Barbies Killed)

An ang mo went back to his country after visiting Malaysia, and was impressed with how simple Manglish is. He told his friends, “I was in Malaysia and guess what? Chicken is called ‘ze ge’, pork is called ‘ze ge’, egg is called ‘ze ge’, broccoli is called ‘na ge’ and spinach is called ‘na ge’!”

What do you get when a vegetable take a selfie? Cai.png (Veggie rice in Hokkien)

One day, a student bid goodbye to Mr Chee. The student was expelled the next day

The difference between 4D and a wife is that one, you’ve a chance to win. The other, you never win.

Q. What is the tallest building in Malaysia? A. National Library. It has a lot of stories.

How do you make a Indian explode? Press the red button on his forehead!

customer: aunty, set C. stall aunty (who can’t hear well): aiyo, aunty old liao, where got sexy

me: why liddat. dad: because like dad what, not like mum

after jaywalking: pa next time we should use the zebra crossing instead. dad: for what? we also not zebra

"Eh don't use that phone. Later cannot have children." "...ha???" "You see the brand lah. Nokia."

Strongest man in the world? The uncle who cook the wanton mee.

what's yeehaw in manglish? ya hor

How Long is a Chinese name? Yes it is.

What do you eat if you want fast food? Cepatti

What do you eat if you want something fresh? Newdles

Why do indians survive long in war? Because the enemy cant tell which red dot is their gun laser.

What do you call a Chinese kid born prematurely? Sudden Lee.

307