Bad Jokes

Did you hear about the boy who tried to catch fog? He mist.

Someone stole my toilet and the police have nothing to go on.

A termite walks into a bar and says, "Where is the bar tender?"

Atoms are untrustworthy little critters. They make up everything!

Why is peter pan always flying? He neverlands.

A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.

Becoming a vegetarian is a huge missed steak.

Did you hear about the 2 silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie!

Q. Why can't you run through a campground?  A. You can only ran, because it's past tents.  (Credit: @punnstagram)

I put all my spare cash into an origami business. It folded.

Yesterday, a clown held the door open for me. It was such a nice jester!

Did you hear about the mathematician who was afraid of negative numbers? He'd stop at nothing to avoid them.

Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.

Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.

I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.

A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.

Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, "What's your favorite kind of music?" The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."

All these sea monster jokes are just Kraken me up.  (Credit: justbadpuns.com)

I was going to make myself a belt made out of watches, but then I realized it would be a waist of time.

Q. Why can't Harry Potter tell the difference between the pot he uses to make potions and his best friend?  A. They're both cauld ron.  (Credit: @hogwartslogic on Twitter)

I'm only friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y.  (Credit: justbadpuns on tumblr)

Don't interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you'll hear some crosswords.

I told my mom I was going to make a bike out of spaghetti, you should have seen her face when I rode straight pasta.

I'm a big fan of whiteboards. I find them quite re-markable.

Acupuncture is a jab well done.

What is Forrest Gump's email password? 1Forrest1

Shout out to the people who ask what the opposite of "in" is.  (Credit: justbadpuns.com)

What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahaha.

I went to a seafood disco last week...and pulled a mussel.

What did the beach say as the tide came in?  Long time, no sea.

What does C.S. Lewis keep at the back of his wardrobe? Narnia business!

I suffer from kleptomania, but when it gets really bad, I take something for it.

I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.

I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.

Q: Why did the tomato blush?  A: Because it saw the salad dressing.

Q. Why was King Arthur's army too tired to fight?  A. It had too many sleepless knights.

Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.

What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.

Q: Why did the apricot ask a prune to dinner?  A: Because he couldn't find a date.

Did you hear about the auto body shop that just opened? It comes highly wreck-a-mended.  (Credit: justbadpuns.com)

Want to hear something terrible?  Paper.  See? I told you it was tear-able.

Police were called to a daycare center where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.

Q: Why do hamburgers go to the gym?  A: To get better buns.

Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.

Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea.  (Credit: justbadpuns on tumblr)

Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.

Someone sent ten different puns to friends, with the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh. No pun in ten did.

The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working, with no explanation. It doesn't make any cents!

Q. Which country's capital has the fastest-growing population?  A. Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.

Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where all the fruit is?

Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.

My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments. If only I had known about her history of violins.

I asked my French friend if she likes to play video games. She said, "Wii."

Q. What sound does a sleeping T-Rex make?  A. A dino-snore.

Q. How much money does a pirate pay for corn?  A. A buccaneer.

What did the librarian say when the books were in a mess? We ought to be ashamed of ourshelves!

Q. What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?  A. A hippo is really heavy, and a Zippo is a little lighter.

RIP boiling water. You will be mist.

I once ate a watch. It was time consuming.

Sticks float. They would.

Q. How much room should you give fungi to grow?  A. As mushroom as possible.

Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: "Does this taste funny to you?"

Last week I called someone a watering hole but I meant well.

Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?  A: Spoiled milk.

Confucius say, man who runs behind car will get exhausted, but man who runs in front of car will get tired.

I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.

Why did the Zen master refuse novocaine when he had his tooth pulled? He wanted to transcend dental medication.

Q: Why do French people eat snails?  A: Because they won't touch fast food.

Did you hear the news about that Chinese restaurant that got vandalized? It was an act of wonton destruction.

I work in a paper factory, where my responsibilities are twofold.

141