Bar Jokes

A brain goes into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a pint, please."  The bartender says, "Sorry, I can't serve you. You're out of your head."

I've reached the age where my prescription bill has caught up to my bar bill.

Two men walk into a bar. You'd think at least one of them would have ducked.

A guy sees a beautiful woman at the other end of the bar. He walks up to her and says, "Where have you been all my life?" "Well," she says,...

A lizard walks into a bar pushing a baby in a stroller. "What's your kid's name?" asks the bartender. "Tiny," says the lizard. "Because he's my newt."

A pork chop goes into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."

Do you serve ladies at this bar? No, sir, you have to supply your own.

A sign on Washington's Route 8, featuring an illustration of a police car with lights flashing, reads "If you drink and drive, we'll provide the chasers."

A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar and ask for a drink. The bartender says, "OK, but I don't want you starting anything in here."

This cowboy walks into a bar and orders a beer. His hat is made of brown wrapping paper, his shirt and vest are made of waxed paper, and his chaps,...

Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini. The bartender asks, "Olive or Twist?"

An amnesiac walks into a bar. He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, "So, do I come here often?"

A bar in our neighborhood got lots of interesting traffic. Cars swerved into the parking lot, and the drivers would run inside only to reappear minutes later looking confused. One...

Several fonts walk into a bar. "Get out of here!" shouts the bartender. "We don't serve your type here."

Three vampires walk into a bar. "What can I get ya?" asks the bartender. "Blood," orders the first vampire. "Make it two," says the second. The bartender looks at the...

Everyone has a right to make money. A sign posted at a local pub reads "Be safe: Don't drink and drive. But please still drink."

I was having a drink at a local restaurant with my friend Justin when he spotted an attractive woman sitting at the bar. After an hour of gathering his courage,...

Doctor Jones likes to stop at a bar after work and enjoy an almond daiquiri. One day, Dick the bartender runs out of almonds and uses hickory nuts instead. The...

So there was this dyslexic guy who walked into a bra.

A man walks into a bar with a chunk of asphalt under one arm. The man says, "Beer, please, and one for the road."

A guy was in a bar drinking beer. He would finish his beer, pull out his wallet and look at a picture of his wife, order another beer take out...

An SEO expert walks into a bar, bars, pub, tavern, public house, Irish pub, drinks, beer, alcohol

Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: Because he was poultry in motion.

A broke guy walks past a pub. He looks at the door longingly, but since he has no money, he walks on. Just then, he spots a lamp lying in...

A penguin walks into a bar, goes to the counter, and asks the bartender, "Have you seen my brother?"  The bartender says, "I don't know. What does he look like?"

One night my friend John and I were sitting at a bar where he used to work, when an attractive woman, a former co-worker, came in and sat next to...

Two nuns, a penguin, a man with a parrot on his shoulder, and a giraffe walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this? Some kind of joke?"

Two guys are out drinking when one of them falls off his barstool and lies motionless on the floor. "One thing about Fred," his buddy says to the bartender. "He...

A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey."  The horse says, "You read my mind, buddy."

Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A: A stick.

The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.

63