Birthday Jokes

Q: What kind of birthday cake do you get for a coffee lover?  A: Choco-latte.

Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock?  Because it was marble cake!

What does a clam do on his birthday?  He shellabrates!

Age is a relative thing.  All my relatives keep reminding me how old I am.

Statistics show that those who have the most birthdays live the longest.

The older you get, the more you need to keep a fire extinguisher close to the cake.

Does a pink candle burn longer than a blue one?  No, they both burn shorter!

It's easier to remember your age if you don't change it every year.

I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.

It's always a good idea to make friends with babies. That's free cake once a year for a lifetime.

Q: What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?  A: Aye, matey!

Q: Why are birthday's good for you?  A: Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest!

Thanks to Facebook, I never forget the birthdays of people I don't really know.

Q: What did the teddy bear say when it was offered some birthday cake?  A: No thanks, I'm stuffed.

What do you get a hunter for his birthday?  A birthday pheasant

Q: How do pickles celebrate their birthdays?  A: They relish the moment.

Q: When is a birthday cake like a golf ball?  A: When you slice it.

What sort of birthday cake do ghosts prefer?  An "I scream" cake

Q: What do you say to your goldfish on his birthday?  A: Have a fin-tastic day.

I've never enjoyed my surprise birthday parties because all I can think about is how good my friends are at lying to my face.

Q: How did Moby Dick celebrate his birthday?  A: He had a whale of a time.

Q: What do they serve at birthday parties in heaven?  A: Angel food cake.

Q: What's the easiest way to remember your wife's birthday?  A: Forget it once!

Q: What do George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Christopher Columbus all have in common?  A: They were all born on holidays.

Today is your birthday, so congratulate yourself, especially if you're still young enough to remember it.

Q: What goes up and never comes down?  A: Your age.

Q: What did the bald guy say when he was given a comb for his birthday?  A: Thanks, I'll never part with it.

Q: What did the elephant want for his birthday?  A: A trunk full of gifts.

Doctor, doctor, I get heartburn every time I eat birthday cake.  Try taking the candles off.

If you feel a bit lonely, forgotten, or just need someone to cheer you up remember...You can always change your birthday on Facebook!

I always feel warm on my birthday because people don't stop toasting me.

The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.

I used to be a boy trapped in a woman's body. But after 9 long months, I was finally born!

Greeting Cards: When you care enough to send the very best but not enough to actually write something.

What do you say to a kangaroo on its birthday?  Hoppy Birthday!

What do you always get on your birthday?  Another year older!

You know you're getting old when you go to an antique auction and three people bid on you.

Q: Why did the birthday cake visit the psychologist?  A: Because it was feeling crumby.

Q: What goes up and never comes down?  A: Your age!

Q: Where do you get a birthday present for your cat?  A: From a cat-alogue.

You know you're getting old when you have more candles on your cake than friends at your birthday party.

Forget about the past, you can't change it.  Forget about the future, you can't predict it.  Forget about the present, I didn't get you one.

Dear eyelashes, wishbones, dandelions, pennies, shooting stars, 11:11 and birthday candles: Do your job.

Q: Where do you find a birthday present for a cat?  A: In a cat-alogue!

Q: What does a cat like to eat on his birthday?  A: Mice cream and cake.

Q: Did you hear about the tree's birthday?  A: It was a sappy one!

I like birthdays, but I think too many can kill you.

Why did the boy feel warm on his birthday?  Because people kept toasting him!

97