Cat Jokes

Q: Wanna hear a bad cat joke?  A: Just kitten!

Q: Why did the can crusher quit his job? A: Because it was soda pressing.

Q: What do you call a cat in a station wagon? A: A car-pet

What do you call the cat that was caught by the police? The purrpatrator.

Q: What did the cat say when the mouse got away?  A: You've got to be kitten me!

I had to get rid of my husband. He was allergic to my cat.

Nature abhors a vacuum, but not as much as a cat does.  anonymous

Q. What does a cat have that no other animal has?  A. Kittens.

Q: Why was the cat disqualified from the game? A: It was a cheetah.

Q: Why did the cat wear a dress?  A: She was feline fine.

Q: Why did the cat run away from the tree? A: It was scared of its bark.

Q: What do you call at cat that goes bowling? A: An alley cat

Q: Why was the cat sitting on the computer?  A: To keep an eye on the mouse!

I worked at a boarding kennel where people leave their dogs and cats while on vacation. One morning I had taken a cat out of his cage, and after playing...

Q: What did the cat say when he lost all his money?  A: I'm paw!

Q: Why don't cats play poker in the jungle?  A: There are too many cheetahs.

Q: Why don't cats like online shopping?  A: They prefer a cat-alogue.

Q: How do cats get over a fight? A: They hiss and make up.

Q: What do cats eat for breakfast? A: Mice Krispies

Q: Wanna hear a bad cat joke?  A: Just kitten!

Q: What do you call a big pile of cats?  A: A purramid

Q: What kind of sports car does a cat drive?  A: A Furrari.

Q: What did the cat say when he went bankrupt?  A: I feel so paw!

Q. What do you call it when a cat wins first place at a dog show?  A. A cat-has-trophy.

Q: What do you call a cat sleeping in your shoe?  A: Puss in boots.

Q: Why did the cat join the Red Cross? A: She wanted to be a first-aid kit!

Q: What does the narcissistic cat say as she looks in the mirror?  A: I am pawsitively gorgeous.

No wonder he has such cattitude.

You're not feline well?  Do you need a purramedic?

A CAT'S FAVORITE LITERATURE CHARACTERS:  Holden Clawfield  Jay Catsby  Catticus Finch  (Credit: Buzzfeed)

Q: Why was the cat sitting on the computer?  A: He was keeping an eye on the mouse!

Q: There were 10 cats in a boat and one jumped out. How many were left?  A: None, because they were all a bunch of copycats.

Q. Which two sodas does a cat like best?  A. Dr. Peppurr and Meowntain Mew.

Q. What's a tomcat's ultimate romantic goal?  A. To find a nice girl cat and whisker away.

Q. What do you call a sad cat that's in a hurry?  A. A Russian Blue.  (Credit: @CatPuns)

Q. Why don't cats mind when someone copies them?  A. Because imitation is the sincerest form of cattery.

Q. What do you call it when a swarm of cats slows down your airplane?  A. Purr-bulence.  (Credit: @CatPuns)

Q. What did the cat do after her home was broken into?  A. She called claw enforcement.

Q: What did the cat say when his friend asked if he was lying?  A: I'm not kitten you.

Q: What do you call a cat with eight legs that likes to swim?  A: An octo-puss.

Q: What do you call a cat that gets caught by law enforcement?  A: The purrpatrator.

Q. What do you call a kitten that cuts her hair really short?  A. A bob cat!

Q: What do you call a cat that gets anything it wants?  A: Purrr-suasive.

Q: What is a well-read cat's favorite book?  A: Of Mice and Men

Q: What do you get if you cross a cat with a bottle of vinegar?  A: A sourpuss!

Q: What do you call a cat that throws all the most expensive parties?  A: The Great Catsby

Did you hear about the woman who refused to get her female cat spayed? She was arrested for littering.

Q. What's a cat's favorite Shakespeare quote?  A. "Tabby, or not tabby, that is the question."

Live long and pawspurr

Q: What do you get if you cross a cat with Father Christmas?  A: Santa Claws!

Q: What do cats wear at night?  A: Paw-jamas.

I am not a scaredy cat. But, I must admit, cat puns freak meowt.

Q. What do cats do after having an argument?  A. Hiss and make up.

Q: What is a cat's favorite color? A: Purrr-ple

Q: What kind of kitten works for the Red Cross? A: A first-aid Kit.

Q: What's worse than raining cats and dogs? A: Hailing' taxi cabs!

Q: Why are cats good at video games? A: Because they have nine lives!

Q: Why can't a leopard hide? A: Because he's always spotted!

Q: What song does a cat like best? A: Three Blind Mice.

Q: What game did the cat like to play with the mouse? A: Catch!

Q: Where did the school kittens go for their field trip? A: To the mewseum

Q: Why did the cat go to medical school? A: To become a first aid kit

Q: Who was the first cat to fly in an airplane? A: Kitty-hawk

Q: Have you ever seen a catfish? A: No. How did he hold the rod and reel?

Q: What state has a lot of cats and dogs? A: Petsylvania

131