Coffee Jokes

Drinking too much espresso can cause a latte problems.

Q: What do you call sad coffee? A: Depresso

Q: What do you call it when someone steals your morning coffee? A: A mugging.

Q: How does Moses make his coffee? A: He brews.

Hold the sugar please, you're sweet enough for the both of us.

Q: What is best Beatles song?  A: Latte Be

Did you hear about the cow that gave birth?  It was de-calf-inated.

If the local coffee shop has awarded you "Employee of the Month" and you don't even work there, you may be drinking too much coffee.

Sleep is a weak substitute for coffee.

Q: How did the hipster burn his tongue? A: He drank his coffee before it was cool.

If you sit down to enjoy a hot cup of coffee, then your boss will ask you to do something that will last until the coffee is cold.

Q: Why did the espresso keep checking his watch? A: Because he was pressed for time.

Coffee is the most important meal of the day

Soup of the day: Coffee.

Q: Why shouldn't you discuss coffee in polite company? A: It can make for a strong and heated debate.

A yawn is just a silent scream for coffee.

Q: Why are Italians so good at making coffee? A: Because they know how to espresso themselves.

Q: What's it called when you steal someone's coffee? A: Mugging!

Q: How are coffee beans like kids? A: They're always getting grounded!

Q: How are men like coffee?  A: The best ones are rich, hot, and can keep you up all night.

Q: Why do they call coffee mud? A: Because it was ground a couple of minutes ago.

Barista: How do you take your coffee?  Me: Very, very seriously.

Q: What's the best Beatles song? A: Latte Be!

Q: How does a tech guy drink coffee?  A: He installs Java!

There are two types of people in this world: People who love Starbucks and liars.

Q: Where do birds go for coffee?  A: To the NESTcafe

Q: What's the opposite of coffee?  A: Sneezy.

Q: How did the hipster burn his tongue?  A: He drank his coffee before it was cool.

Q: What did the barista's Valentine say?  A: I can't espresso my love for you.

Spouse #1: Honey, this coffee tastes like dirt.  Spouse #2: That's not surprising, dear, it was just ground this morning.

61