Computer Jokes

Why are iPhone chargers not called Apple Juice?!

While taking stock of our products, I read aloud the final numbers to my boss. As he entered each one into a calculator, I deleted it off my mobile device....

Q. How does a computer get drunk?  A. It takes screenshots.

We'll we'll we'll...if it isn't autocorrect.

My computer suddenly started belting out "Someone Like You." It's a Dell.

Matt: Hey Dr. Park, this is Matt from the Vascular lab. I have an outpatient here with an external iliac occlusion with cold foot pin and numbness that started 3...

The guy who invented auto-correct for smart phones passed away today.  Restaurant in peace.

Autocorrect has become my worst enema.

You know you're texting too much when...  ...you try to text, but you're on a landline.

Q. What should you do after your Nintendo game ends in a tie?  A. Ask for a Wii-match!

Don't use "beef stew" as a computer password. It's not stroganoff.

Q: What do you call an iPhone that isn't kidding around?  A: Dead Siri-ous

As we waited for a bus in the frosty weather, the woman next to me mentioned that she makes a lot of mistakes when texting in the cold. I nodded...

I saw a driver texting and driving.  It made me so mad I threw my beer at him.

Client: We need you to log in to the YouTube and make all our company videos viral.  From clientsfromhell.net

PATIENT: Doctor, I need your help. I'm addicted to checking my Twitter!  DOCTOR: I'm so sorry, I don't follow.

Person 1: Do you know how to use Outlook?  Person 2: As a matter of fact, I Excel at it.  Person 1: Was that a Microsoft Office pun?  Person 2: Word.

Q. What do you call it when you have your mom's mom on speed dial?  A. Instagram.

Anyone who thinks "talk is cheap"...  obviously didn't pay my daughter's last mobile phone bill!

I just got fired from my job at the keyboard factory. They told me I wasn't putting in enough shifts.

I tried to say, "I'm a functional adult," but my phone changed it to "fictional adult," and I feel like that's more accurate.

Have you heard of that new band "1023 Megabytes"? They're pretty good, but they don't have a gig just yet.

I can still remember a time when I knew more than my phone.  

Thanks to autocorrect, 1 in 5 children will be getting a visit from Satan this Christmas.

You know you're texting too much when...  ...you're happy when you get stopped at a red light.

The guy who invented predictive text died last night.  His funfair is next monkey.

You can really get your parents fooled by pretending their smart phone screen or yours has been cracked. You can download images or even find online apps that will make...

Q. What is the biggest lie in the entire universe?  A. "I have read and agree to the Terms & Conditions."

Q. Why did the PowerPoint Presentation cross the road?  A. To get to the other slide.

Q: Why was the cell phone wearing glasses?  A: It lost its contacts.

You know you're texting too much when...  ...you say LOL in real life, instead of just laughing.

Did you hear about the monkeys who shared an Amazon account? They were Prime mates.

MapQuest really needs to start its directions on number five. Pretty sure I know how to get out of my neighborhood.  Aaron Karo, from ruminations.com

Instagram is just Twitter for people who go outside.  

Food blogs are rife with pressing questions, helpful hints, and caustic comments from readers. One site took a jaundiced look at what one might expect to find on such boards....

If you understand English, press 1. If you do not understand English, press 2.  Recording on an Australian tax help line

"I feel like carp today"  "Yeah, you look a little fishy"

Trying to explain to our five-year-old daughter how much computers had changed, my husband pointed to our brand-new personal computer and told her that when he was in college, a...

Facebook and Formspring are two of the many social-networking sites that allow users to embarrass themselves in front of millions of friends and strangers, like these people did. LARRY: Happy...

#UnlikelySequels: Titanic 2 @davidschneider #failedchildrensbooktitles: The Very Hungry Tape Worm  @Made_Dad #nicerfilmtitles: Snacks on a Plane @elfiem

The computer in my high school classroom was acting up. After watching me struggle with it, a student explained that my hard drive had crashed. So I called IT. "Can...

The chef of the upscale restaurant I manage collided with a waiter one day and spilled coffee all over our computer. The liquid poured into the processing unit, and resulted...

I told the kids I never want to live in a vegetative state, dependent on some machine and fluids from a bottle. So they unplugged my computer and threw out...

Scene: A bookstore Customer: Can you help me find a book? Me: Of course. Do you know the author or title? Customer: Well, I was at the beach and I...

Our newer, high-speed computer was in the shop for repair, and my son was forced to work on our old model with the black-and-white printer. "Mom," he complained to me...

Richard Branson has announced plans to develop a new type of plane that can fly from New York to Tokyo in one hour. Apparently, the engines are powered by human...

My 50-something friend Nancy and I decided to introduce her mother to the magic of the Internet. Our first move was to access the popular "Ask Jeeves" site, and we...

I realized the impact of computers on my young son one evening when there was a dramatic sunset. Pointing to the western sky, David said, "I wish we could click...

I just got a GPS for my car, and my first trip with it was to a drugstore. Since the manual said not to leave it in the car unattended,...

Learning to use a voice-recognition computer program, I was excited about the prospect of finally being able to write more accurately than I type. First I read out loud to...

A co-worker asked if I knew what to do about a computer problem that was preventing her from getting e-mail. After calling the help desk, I told my colleague that...

After a lengthy course on improving computer skills, a teacher finally seemed to get the hang of it. In fact, he admitted in his self-evaluation, "computers have simplified and shortened...

I purchased a new desktop-publishing program that surprised me by containing a make-a-paper-airplane option. I decided to give it a try. After I selected the plane I wanted, the software...

One hard thing to explain to teens is how legitimately exciting it used to be when someone would wheel in an overhead projector.  

I finally convinced my mother that it was a good idea for her to learn to text. Her first message to me? "Whereisthespacebar?"

My techie husband and I were walking in the high desert when he stopped to photograph one stunning vista after another. Overcome by the sheer beauty, he paid it his...

Bill Gates and the president of General Motors were having lunch. Gates boasted of the innovations his company had made. "If GM had kept up with technology the way Microsoft...

Not everyone has mastered the art of texting. Case in point: Mom: Stop at dollar store on way home and get lunch maggots. Me: Lunch maggots? Mom: Baffles. Mom: Baggies....

Q: How many tech-support folks does it take to change a light-bulb? A: We have a light-bulb here, and it works fine. Can you tell me what kind of bulb...

The computer in my high school classroom recently started acting up. After watching me struggle with it, one of my students took over. "Your hard drive crashed," he said. I...

Did you hear about the cell phones that got married?  The wedding was terrible, but the reception was terrific.

Q: What did the spider do on the computer? A: Made a website!

Q: What did the computer do at lunchtime? A: Had a byte!

Q: What does a baby computer call his father? A: Data!

Q: Why did the computer keep sneezing? A: It had a virus!

Q: What is a computer virus? A: A terminal illness!

Q: Why was the computer cold? A: It left it's Windows open!

Q: Why was there a bug in the computer? A: Because it was looking for a byte to eat?

Q: Why did the computer squeak? A: Because someone stepped on it's mouse!

Q: What do you get when you cross a computer and a life guard? A: A screensaver!

Q: Where do all the cool mice live? A: In their mousepads

Q: What do you get when you cross a computer with an elephant? A: Lots of memory!

145