Corny Jokes

Q: Did you hear about the two peanuts walking through town?  A: One was a salted!

Jenny: I can tell if someone is lying just by looking at him. Penny: Really? Jenny: Yep. I can tell if he is standing too.

I used to work for an origami company until it folded.

Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers were dining in New York. Ginger was resplendent in a ball gown and pearls, and Fred also sported evening wear. But the meal was marred...

Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in sentences often goes undetected.

Q: What did one toilet say to the other toilet?  A: You look flushed.

Two ships collided. One was carrying a load of red paint, the other a load of blue paint. All the passengers were marooned.

Q: How long does it take to know if a pair of underwear fits you well?  A: Just a brief moment!

Q: How did the dead brother and his dead brother resemble each other? A: They were dead ringers.

Q: What did the left eye say to the right eye?  A: Between you and me, something smells.

You can see the strangest things if you look hard enough. The other day I saw a piece of toast in a cage at the zoo. It was bread in...

Corny jokes are a-maize-ing.

Q: Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert?  A: Because she was stuffed.

Q: What do you get when you cross a vampire with a snowman?  A: Frostbite!

The last year I entered a marathon. The race started and immediately I was the last of the runners. It was embarrassing. The guy who was in front of me,...

An elderly farmer had an old bull that lost its usual desire and no longer went near the cows. The farmer called the vet, who prescribed a pill to stimulate...

Q: Hear about the two guys who stole a calendar?  A: They both got 6 months.

Q: Why should you save your pennies? A: It makes good cents.

Q: Why was the dead man insensitive? A: Because he had a cold heart.

If a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears, my illegal logging business is a success.

Q: What do a dog and a phone have in common?  A: They both have collar ID.

Q: Where do Volkswagens go when they get old?  A: The old Volks home.

A set of golf clubs walks into a bar. "What'll you have"? "Nothing for me, I'm the driver."

Q: What did the numerator say to the denominator when they broke up?  A: I'm so over you!

Q: How much did the pirate pay for his peg and hook? A: An arm and a leg.

Q: Do you know what stinks about a pirate ship? A: The poop deck.

Q: What kind of tree has a hand? A: A palm tree.

Q. What is it called when a snowman has a temper tantrum?  A. A meltdown!

Q: Why were the people trying to get the dead man to change his mind? A: Because they knew he was dead wrong.

Q: What did the axe murderer say to the judge?  A: It was an axe-ident.

Q: How come nobody liked the dead lawyer? A: Because he was rotten to the core.

Q: Why should you sit in a corner when you get cold? A: Because most corners are 90 degrees.

Q: What kind of personality did the dead man have? A: He gave you the cold shoulder.

Q: What kind of jokes are told on a farm? A: Corny ones.

Q: Why was the dead man not courageous? A: Because he had cold feet.

Q: What did the red light say to the green light?  A: Don't look, I'm changing.

Q: What kind of a shot was the dead man? A: He had dead aim.

Did you hear about the young actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage.

Q: What do you call four bullfighters in quicksand? A: Quattro sinko.

Q: Knock Knock  A: Who's there?  Q: Felix.  A: Felix who?  Q: Felixausted, let me in!

I visited the Air and Space Museum...Nothing was there.

Q: Why are teddy bears never hungry?  A: Because they're always stuffed.

Q: What do you call a T-Rex that's been beaten up?  A: Dino-sore.

Q: Where do beef burgers go to dance?  A: The meatball.

Q: What do you call it when two rock guitars accidentally crash into each other?  A: A Fender bender.

Have you heard about the new pirate movie? It's rated AARRRRGH because of all the booty!

I quit my job at the helium factory today.  I refuse to be spoken to in that tone of voice.

Q: How does the solar system organize a party?  A: They planet!

Q: Why did the poor man sell yeast?  A: To raise some dough.

Two fish are in a tank. One says to the other, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"

-Do you think glass coffins will be a success?  -Remains to be seen.

These words are so joining our vocabulary in 2016! Chairdrobe (n.): piling clothes on a chair in place of a closet or dresser. Epiphanot (n.): an idea that seems like...

I got my hair highlighted because I thought some strands were more important than others.  Comedian Mitch Hedberg

The satisfactory.

Nature abhors a vacuum, but not as much as a cat does.  anonymous

Q: What do you call an Amish guy with his hand in a horse's mouth?  A: A mechanic.

Q. Why was the belt sent to jail?  A. For holding up a pair of pants!

Q: What do you call a baby monkey?  A: A chimp off the old block.

Q: How much does a Mustang cost?  A: More than you can af-Ford.

Q: What did the fisherman say to the magician?  A: Pick a cod, any cod.

I can't stand Russian nesting dolls. They're so full of themselves.

I gave my friend an elephant to put in his room.  He said, "Thanks."  I said, "Don't mention it."

Q: What do you call anxious dinosaurs?  A: Nervous Rex.

I went to see the Liberty Bell recently. I don't know why everyone makes such a big deal about it. It's not all it's cracked up to be.

Q. Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer?  A. Because he just couldn't see himself doing it.

A burglar stole all the lamps in my house. I know I should be more upset, but I'm absolutely delighted.

Q: What did the policeman say to his belly button?  A: You're under a vest.

Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?  A: Because then it'd be a foot.

My doctor took one look at my gut and refused to believe that I work out. So I listed the exercises I do every day: jump to conclusions, climb the...

Q: What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer?  A: The space bar.

Q: What did the schizophrenic bookkeeper say?   A: I hear invoices!  Stephen Pickering, Marshall, Michigan

Q. What happened when one cannibal arrived late to the dinner party?  A. The others gave him the cold shoulder.

People always tell me I'm condescending.  (That means talking down to people.)

Why is there so much pressure to spend Independence Day with other people?  Betsy Salkind

Why do we tell actors to "break a leg?"  Because every play has a cast.

Q: Why is the number six afraid of seven?  A: Because seven ate nine!

plagiarism.  Submitted by M. R.

Q: What did the doctor tell her invisible patient?  A: "I can't see you today."

A man vacations on a tropical island, and the first thing he hears is drums. He goes to the beach and hears the drums; he eats lunch, he hears the...

Q: Why should the number 288 never be mentioned?  A: It's two gross.

Q: Why did the chicken cross the Mobius Strip?  A: To get to the same side.

Q: Why did the bacteria cross the microscope?  A: To get to the other slide.

Q: Why does a chicken coop have two doors?  A: If it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.

Q: Why do cows have bells?  A: Because their horns don't work.

Q: How many 16-year-olds does it take to change a light-bulb?  A: Whatever.

What do you call a dumb carnivore? A meathead. How many carnivores does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They prefer to stay in the dark. How many vegetarians...

Q: What did Al Gore play on his guitar?  A: An Algorithm

Q: How many sheep does it take to make one sweater?  A: Depends how well they can knit.

Q: What kind of coat is always wet when you put it on?  A: A coat of paint.

I told the kids I never want to live in a vegetative state, dependent on some machine and fluids from a bottle. So they unplugged my computer and threw out...

Old mathematicians never die; they just lose some of their functions.

Karate: the ancient Japanese art of getting people to buy lots of belts. Comedian Myq Kaplan

Q: Why are football stadiums so cool?  A: Because every seat has a fan in it!

I put my root beer in a square glass. Now it's just beer.

Q: How do you get down from an elephant?  A: You don't. You get down from a goose.

Q: Why aren't dogs good dancers?  A: Because they have two left feet!

Boy: Do you have a date for Valentine's Day?   Girl: Yes, February 14th.

Dollar Tree bought Family Dollar for about $8 billion. It would have been $10 billion, but Family Dollar was dented.  @JoeToplyn

As soon as the hospital made me put on one of those little gowns, I knew the end was in sight.  Adam Joshua Smargon, Newark, Delaware

What did one boat say to the other? "Are you up for a little row-mance?"

A lion comes across two men, one reading and the other writing. The beast pounces on and devours the reader but ignores the writer. Why? Because, as everyone knows, a...

The problem with math puns is that calculus jokes are all derivative, trigonometry jokes are too graphic, algebra jokes are usually formulaic, and arithmetic jokes are pretty basic. But I...

Why should you never breakup with a goalie?  Because he's a keeper.

Did you hear about the vegan devil worshiper?  He sold his soul to seitan.

Q: What do you call a number that can't keep still?  A: A roamin' numeral.

Q: What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards?  A: a receding hare-line.

Q: Why are Comet, Cupid, Donner, and Blitzen always wet?  A: Because they are rain deer.

Q: Did you hear the one about the statistician?  A: Probably.

Q: Why do mathematicians like parks?  A: Because of all the natural logs.

Q: Why are frogs so happy?  A: They eat whatever bugs them.

Did you hear about the weekly poker game with Vasco da Gama, Christopher Columbus, Leif Eriksson and Francisco Pizarro?  They can never seem to beat the Straights of Magellan.

Q: How many tech-support folks does it take to change a light-bulb? A: We have a light-bulb here, and it works fine. Can you tell me what kind of bulb...

Q: What's brown and sticky?  A: A stick.

Q: How many economists does it take to change a light-bulb?  A: None. If the light-bulb needed changing, the market would have already done it.

Q: Where do geeks go for a good time?  A: A wonky-tonk.  Jack Eastham, Cypress, Texas

What did the Buddhist say to the pizza guy?  "Make me one with everything."

Q: What do you get when you combine a Christmas tree with an iPad?  A: A pineapple.

Q: Why does Santa have three garden plots up at the North Pole?  A: That way he can hoe, hoe, hoe!

Why do hummingbirds hum?  Because they can't remember the words.

Q: What did the reindeer say before telling his joke?  A: This one'll sleigh you!

Knock! Knock!  Who's there?  Convex.  Convex who?  Convex go to prison!

Did you hear about the weekly poker game with Vasco da Gama, Christopher Columbus, Leif Eriksson, and Francisco Pizarro?  They can never seem to beat the Straights of Magellan.

My first day on the job at an IKEA store, I was told by my boss that employees needed to go to the meeting room before every shift. I asked...

The human cannonball tells the circus owner he is going to retire.  "But you can't!" protests the boss. "Where am I going to find another man of your caliber?

Did you hear about the cell phones that got married?  The wedding was terrible, but the reception was terrific.

A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar and ask for a drink. The bartender says, "OK, but I don't want you starting anything in here."

What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches?  A nervous wreck.

Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini. The bartender asks, "Olive or Twist?"

What do you get when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic?  Halfway.

Did you hear that NASA has launched several cows into orbit?  It was the herd shot around the world.

Why were all the ink spots crying?  Their father was in the pen.

What do you call a fish with no eye?  Fsh.

How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?  Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers.

Where does a king keep his armies?  In his sleevies.

Algebra teacher: "What is seven Q plus three Q?"  Student: "Ten Q."  Teacher: "You're welcome."

A schoolteacher was arrested at the airport for trying to go through security with a slide rule and a calculator. He was charged with carrying weapons of math instruction.

Two cannibals are eating a clown. One cannibal turns to the other and asks, "This taste funny to you?"

Which trigonometric functions do farmers like?  Swine and cowswine.

Why can't a woman ask her brother for help?  Because he can't be a brother and assist her too.

Q: Who delivers Christmas presents to good little sharks when they're sleeping?  A: Santa Jaws!

The hashtag #literaryturducken asked Twitter users to combine the titles of three classic books into a single title. Here are some responses: Anne of Green Eggs and Hamlet You Are...

Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed?  He had low elf-esteem.

A man walks into a bar with a chunk of asphalt under one arm. The man says, "Beer, please, and one for the road."

Q: Who did Frankenstein's monster bring to prom?  A: His ghoulfriend.

Why was the math book sad?  Because it had so many problems.

So I called up the spiritual leader of Tibet, and he sent me a large goat with a long neck. Turns out I phoned dial-a-llama.

The Yoko Club? Oh no. The German Philosophy Club? I Kant. The Compulsive-Rhymers Club? Okey-dokey. The Codependence Club? Can I bring a friend? The Procrastinators Club? Maybe next week. From...

Did you hear about the giant who threw up? It's all over town.

How do you keep a bagel from getting away?  Put lox on it.

There was a man who entered a pun contest. He sent in ten different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately, no pun...

Gandhi walked barefoot everywhere, ate very little, and often fasted, leaving him thin and with very bad breath. Thus he is often thought of as a super callused, fragile mystic...

What did the bald man exclaim when he received a comb for a present? Gee, I'll never part with it!

What did one eye say to the other?  "Don't look now, but something between us smells."

Why should you not mix alcohol and calculus?  Because you should never drink and derive.

I have a stepladder. It's a very nice stepladder. But it's sad that I never knew my real ladder.

Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper? He sold his soul to Santa.

A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey."  The horse says, "You read my mind, buddy."

Q: What is a lion's favorite Christmas carol?  A: Jungle Bells.

So that three people can fit in the pickup.

Why do bicycles fall over?  Because they are two-tired.

How does Moses make tea?  He brews.

Q: Where do you find a no-legged dog?  A: Right where you left him.

The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.

Two nuns, a penguin, a man with a parrot on his shoulder, and a giraffe walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this? Some kind of joke?"

Rev up your engines and tell the crabgrass to look out. The 12th annual Mow Down, Show Down Lawn Mower Championship was held in Avon Park, Florida, bringing out the...

My mother asked me to hand out invitations for my brother's surprise birthday party. That's when I realized he was her favorite twin.

Canada wants us to remember that it, too, is part of North America. So The Week asked its readers to come up with an eye-catching slogan for our neighbor to...

My wife and I were having lunch at a fashionable eatery in Annapolis when we noticed what looked like a familiar face at the next table. Screwing up my courage,...

News that her third child was going to be a girl thrilled my cousin, who already had two boys. "My husband wants to call her Sunny," she told me, "and...

A man walks into a restaurant and says, "How do you prepare your chickens?" The cook replies, "Nothing special. We just tell 'em they're gonna die."

While filling up at a gas station, I accidentally spilled gasoline on my shirt. When I went inside to pay, I noticed a woman crinkling her nose. Embarrassed, I tried...

On his way to perform at a graveside service, the bagpiper gets lost. After many wrong turns, he finally arrives, but the minister and mourners have already gone. Only the...

Hoss drove over to the next county to buy a new bull for the farm. It cost more than expected, and he was left with only one dollar. This was...

A hermit leaves the solitude of his rural home and ventures into town for the first time in his life to try to get a loan. Inside the bank, he...

Phil was driving down a country road late one night when he felt a big thud. He got out of the car and looked around, but the road was empty....

A duck walks into a drugstore and asks for a tube of ChapStick. The cashier says to the duck, "That'll be $1.49." The duck replies, "Put it on my bill."

353