Daily Life Jokes

Two old friends, Ned and John, lived for baseball. Then one day, John died, leaving Ned inconsolable. A few weeks later, Ned heard someone calling his name. He looked up....

One night as I was putting my 2 1/2-year-old daughter to bed, I saw a bright full moon in the sky. I let her look at the moon for a...

Q: What do you call someone who can't stick with a diet?  A: A desserter.

The cable repairman was on my street and asked me what time it was. I told him it is between 8 am and 1 pm.

A salesman talked my uncle into buying 10,000 personalized pens for his business with the promise that he would be eligible to win a 32-foot yacht. A born gambler, my...

I work in the front office of a housing complex that supports people living with mental illness. On one particularly hectic day, a tenant came in to pay her rent....

Did you hear about the two psychiatrists who passed each other on a walk?  One said to the other, "You're fine, How am I?"

A lawyer is driving a car down the street and instead of stopping at the stop sign, the lawyer slows down. A policeman sees this and pulls the car over...

MikeUnderscore2004@yahoo.com  MikeAtYahooDotCom@hotmail.com  Mike_WardAllOneWord@yahoo.com  AAAAAAThatsSixAs@yahoo.com  1OneTheFirstJustTheNumberTheSecondSpelledOut@hotmail.com Michael Ward, via mcsweeneys.net

Our manager kept reminding us waitresses to encourage customers to order dessert. At the end of an especially exhausting day, I walked over to a couple who had just sat...

An exercise for people who are out of shape: Begin with a five-pound potato bag in each hand. Extend your arms straight out from your sides, hold them there for...

Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions.  @SCbchbum (Erica)

If you understand English, press 1. If you do not understand English, press 2.  Recording on an Australian tax help line

I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with 'em later.

We were tearing down an old three-seater outhouse when my neighbor asked if she could have the single-plank, three-hole outhouse seat. I said sure. Six months later, she invited me...

Q: What do you get when you combine an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?  A: Someone who lays awake at night wondering the true meaning of Dog.

I bought one of those tapes to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, the tape skipped. Now I can only stutter in Spanish.  Steven Wright

My memory is getting so bad, I asked the pharmacist, "Do you have any Acetylsalicylic acid?" "You mean aspirin?" asked the pharmacist. "That's it! I can never remember that word."

Our company gives out Thanksgiving turkeys to retired employees. All they have to do is stop by the plant to pick them up. A few days before the holiday, a...

Girl: Ick! Why does this sandwich have bacon on it?  Friend: You ordered a BLT.  Girl: Whaaaat? I thought the B stood for bread.  Alyssa Hoover, Dillsburg, Pennsylvania

My collection of vintage kitchen utensils includes one whose intended purpose was always a mystery. It looks like a cross between a metal slotted spoon and a spatula, so I...

We need a 12-step group for compulsive talkers. They could call it On Anon Anon.  Paula Poundstone

These words are so joining our vocabulary in 2016! Chairdrobe (n.): piling clothes on a chair in place of a closet or dresser. Epiphanot (n.): an idea that seems like...

The food at the sandwich shop I frequent is good, but any deviation from the norm throws the staff. I once told a clerk that I wanted only half a...

Instagram is just Twitter for people who go outside.  @JoshGondelman

The biggest change after having kids was putting a swear jar in the house. Whenever I say a bad word, I have to put a dollar in the jar, and...

53