Diet Jokes

Did you hear about the hungry clock? He went back four seconds.

You have a Slim-Fast for breakfast, a Slim-Fast for lunch; then, you eat a "sensible dinner." How sensible are you going to be after eating powder all day?

Something tells me I need to lose some weight. During a recent trip to visit my son and his family, I stopped off at a bakery to pick up dessert....

Q: What do you call a Vegetarian with diarrhea?  A: A salad shooter.

My fitness goal is to get down to what I told the DMV I weigh.

I have removed all the food from the house. It was delicious

1. Read about new diet 2. Spend $300 on vegetables 3. Commit publicly to diet on FB 4. Dive head first into plate of bacon

What do you call the king of vegetables? Elvis Parsley

What do you call someone who can't stick with a diet? A desserter.

It took a lot of will power. But I finally gave up dieting.

It took a lot of willpower, but I finally gave up dieting.

I wish I hated pizza as much as pizza hates me.

Diet tip: Your pants won't get too tight if you don't wear any.

Every time I start a diet I hear the Mission Impossible theme song in my head.

Q. What do you call someone who can't stick with a diet?  A. A desserter.

Is it true that a collection of jokes about dieting can be referred to as: 'a binge of jokes'?

I know it's three meals a day, but how many should I eat at night?

My brain said "crunches" but my stomach auto-corrected it to "cupcakes."

Why spend $80 on a swimsuit when you can buy 320 chicken nuggets.

Did you hear about the vegan devil worshipper? He sold his soul to seitan!

I'm on day 2 of a "diet" which means I'm always one minor annoyance away from eating every single person in my office.

Why did the diet coach send her clients to the paint store?  She heard you could get thinner there.

Never go back for seconds... get it all the first time.

Q: Why go to the paint store when you're on a diet?  A: You can get thinner there.

The most annoying are those people in exceptionally good shape at the gym. I'm like, "What are you doing here? You're done."

Things just aren't going to work out between us. It's not you, it's me. You are tasteless, boring, and I can't stop cheating on you.

I keep trying to lose weight but it keeps finding me.

I tell people I'm on a low-carb diet. But in reality, I just eat pasta while lying on the floor.  Stephen Colbert

I'm going to open up a low carb bakery and I'm going to call it No Bun Intended.

How do most people curb their appetite? At the drive thru window.

The most fattening thing that you can put in an ice cream sundae is the spoon.

Wouldn't it be so great if we could put ourselves in the dryer for 10 minutes and come out wrinkle free and three sizes smaller?

What do you get when you put the right amount of meat and vegetables on a scale? A balanced meal.

Hey, Lady! Want to drop 5 pounds? Let go of the purse.

Definition of Calories: Tiny creatures colonizing your closet. They sew your clothes a little bit tighter every night.

Trail mix is just an inconvenient way to eat M&Ms.

Why are most horses in shape? Because they are on a stable diet.

Did you hear about the gourmet who avoids unfashionable restaurants because he doesn't want to gain weight in the wrong places?

Q. What is a man's idea of a balanced diet?  A. A beer in each hand.

You don't lose much weight, but from a distance your friends think you look thinner!

Q: Have you heard of the garlic diet?  A: You don't lose much weight, but from a distance your friends think you look thinner!

The only difference in my life when I'm on a diet is instead of saying "I ate nachos," I say "I accidentally ate nachos."

I'm not vegetarian because I love animals. I'm vegetarian because I hate vegetables.

I have fillings in my teeth. My refrigerator magnets keep pulling me to the kitchen. That's why I can't lose weight.

Q: How did Native Americans say vegetarian?  A: "Bad hunter!"

Q: Why shouldn't you fall in love with a pastry chef?  A: He'll dessert you.

Do you call a person who has abandoned their diet a desserter?

I finally heard some good news. I'm not overweight. I'm undertall. What a relief!

I heard Bruce Willis is trying to lose weight. Apparently, he's trying to "Diet Hard."

A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.

While shopping for a bathroom scale, I found one that tracks not only weight but also body fat, bone mass, and water percentage. I nixed that one in favor of...

Every time I make plans to eat better, I can hear my stomach laughing.

I'm not fat, but I'm not thin either. I'm at a point where you can definitely tell I like chocolate cake.

Inside me lives a skinny woman crying to get out.

Q: What is a man's idea of a balanced diet?  A: A beer in each hand.

Q: How many carnivores does it take to change a light bulb?  A: None. They prefer to stay in the dark!

Q: What is the Native American word for vegetarian?  A: "Poor hunter!"

Q: What do vegan zombies eat?  A: GggRrrAaaIiiNnSsss!

Q: Why does vegan cheese taste bad?  A: It hasn't been tested on mice.

One of the benefits of eating salad is that you can eat tons of it and never be satisfied.

Nutrition question: How many Skittles equal one serving of fruit?

Q: Did you hear about the hungry clock?  A: He went back four seconds.

Did you hear about the vegan devil worshipper? He sold his soul to seitan!

It's hard to lose weight when you have an overactive knife and fork.

I wish I could lose weight as easily as I lose my keys, pen, cell phone, temper, and my mind.

Q: How many vegetarians does it take to eat a cow?  A: One if nobody's looking.

Q: How many vegetarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  A: I don't know, but where do you get your protein!?

Q: How many vegans does it take to change a light bulb?  A: Two, one to change it and one to check for animal ingredients.

I'm not vegetarian because I love animals. I'm vegetarian because I hate vegetables.

D.I.E.T. = Did I Eat That?

Q: What do you call a dumb omnivore?  A: A meathead!

Q: When should you go on a cheese diet?  A: If you need to cheddar few pounds.

This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I've never met herbivore.

147