Dirty Jokes

Q. What do you call a Chinese prostitute? A. Suk Mi Dong

What did the left butt cheek tell the right one..? If we stick together, we can stop this sh*t.

Why is my wiener the perfect gentleman? Because it always stands up to give a woman somewhere to sit.

A recent scientific study has found pregnant women who use vibrators are 90% more likely to have a child who stutters.

Q. What human body part is long, hard, bendable, and contains the letters p,e,n,i,s? A. Your spine.

A blind woman told me I had a big penis yesterday. I think she was pulling my leg.

3 reasons why you should get a $100 bill tattooed onto your salami. 1. You can play with your money. 2. You can watch your money grow. 3. Every woman loves to blow money.

Had a great time watching Fifty Shades Of Grey at the cinema with my girlfriend. The film was terrible but the reaction of the people sitting in front of us after I flicked mayonnaise on them was hilarious.

Got approached by a prostitute today who said that she would do anything for $10. Guess who just got their car washed?

An attractive lady and an old man are sitting next to each other on a bus, the following conversation takes place. Lady: Can you help me get something off my breasts please? Old man: Yeah sure it would be my pleasure, what is it? Lady: Your eyes

Q. How do you confuse an archaeologist? A. Give him a used tampon and ask him what period it came from.

Hi,  I feel so dirty right now, PLEASE DO ME!  Love,  The Dishes

Q.What do vaginas and the weather have in common? A. When its wet you should go inside.

I like my women the way I like my coffee, hot wet and filled with cream.

Managed to make love for 1 hour and 5 minutes last night. I love it when they put the clocks forward.

Q. Why is the penis the saddest part of the human body? A. Because its hair is a mess, its best friend is a pussy and its next door neighbor is an asshole.

Q. How can you tell when a mechanic has just had sex? A. One of his fingers is clean.

A recent scientific study has found that 9/10 men prefer big boobs. The other man prefers the 9 men.

Q. Why did the butcher go to hospital? A. He cut the wrong sausage.

Why is Friday the most feminine day of the week?  Because it takes forever to come.

Some people say there are no rules when it comes to love. Unfortunately for me the judge disagreed.

What did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip? We used to be really tight until we let that dick come between us.

Did you hear about the naked woman who robbed a bank? Nobody could remember her face.

My girlfriend had her teeth whitened the other day. Well actually most of it went on her chin.

Today I did that thing where you walk into a room and totally forgot what you went in for. It was only when the shit started running down my leg that I remembered

Q. Why should you never hold in your farts? A. Because they can go up your spine, into your brain and give you shitty ideas.

The following conversation took place between a dad and his young child.  Child: Dad where did I come from? Dad: You came from a stork. Child: Wow, you f*cked a stork?

Tampax have announced that they will be replacing their traditional tampon string with tinsel.  This will be for the Christmas Period only.

Four facts about women that prove they can do miracles.  1. They can get wet without taking a shower. 2. Bleed without being hurt. 3. Producing milk without eating grass. 4. Making boneless meat hard.

Q. How do you make a pool table laugh? A. Reach into its pockets and tickle its balls.

The following conversation took place at the supermarket while buying condoms. Cashier: Do you want a bag for that? Me: Thanks for the compliment but I think the condoms should be big enough.

Had an overdose on Viagra last night. My wife took it really hard.

Why do women make better soldiers? Because they can bleed for a week and not die.

Q. What did the saggy titty say to the other saggy titty? A. Lets get support before other people think we are nutts.

I went to the doctors today to get my prostate checked. He gave me the thumbs up.

The following coversation took place in a hospital bathroom.  Patient: Have you seen one as big as this today? (points to crotch area) Nurse: Yes, I also work on the maternity ward.

Think I might have something wrong with one of my testicles, one of them seems smaller than the other two.

What do you call a lesbian with long finger nails? Single

Q. Why do prostitutes make more money than drug dealers? A. Because prostitutes can wash their crack and resell it.

If women could read minds men would get slapped every 2 seconds.

Why is Santa Claus a heavy drinker? Because he only empties his sack once a year.

Tomorrow is national orgasm day. Are you coming?

The fear of people to your right is dextrophobia. The fear of having people to your left is anthropophobia. And the fear of having people behind you is homophobia.

Q. What hard and pink when it goes in and soft and wet when it comes out. A. Bubblegum

Q. What do you call a group of lesbian cucumber farmers? A. Squatters

Me and my boyfriend made love for 3 hours last night. We did a role-play of a doctor and a patient. He made me stay in the waiting room for 2 hours 56 minutes.

Just been punched by my brother for trying to kiss he new baby on the forehead. Apparently I have to wait for the baby to be born first.

Did you hear about the dyslexic prostitute? She was really good at cooking socks.

What does a dwarf get if he runs through a womans legs? A clit round the ear and a flap across the face.

Why do blondes not talk while making love? Their moms told them not to talk to strangers.

I read a story in the newspaper the other day about a father who paid his daughter for sex. I was absolutely disgusted. What kind of daughter charges her own father?

Girlfriend died last night in the middle of oral. It was a bit of a blow.

The best part about getting a blow job is my girlfriend not being able to speak.

Q. Who has the best business model someone who deals drugs or a stripper? A. A stripper because she can wash her crack and sell it again.

Question: What do you call a cat who is a sexually depraved? Answer A Purrvert

Sex is like math. You add a bed subtract the clothes divide the legs and pray there is no multpilcation.

I had a romantic dinner for two with my girlfriend last night or as some people like to call it, the 69 position.

Q. What does a penis and a rubix cube have in common ? A. The more you play with it the harder it gets.

What do you call a baby born in a whorehouse? A brothel Sprout.

Q. What did one saggy boob say to the other?A. We better get some support, or people are gonna think were nuts.

My server went down on me today, I love the waitresses at Hooters.

Q. What does an airport and a prostitute have in common? A. They both ask you to put your liquids into a little plastic bag.

You know those sex houses people put in trees with the little wooden hole for your c*ck. Apparently those are for birds.

here is 2 interesting facts about me! 1) my knob is the same lenth as 2 argos pens! 2)im barred from argos

Q. What do life and a p*nis have in common? A. Women make them both hard.

Slept like a baby last night. I kept waking up every few hours to suck on some titties.

Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming.

Q. What do Oreos and women have in common? A. I like to open them and lick the creamy goodness inside.

Three things funerals and sex have in common! 1. They both put a stiff in a box. 2. They both require lots of tissues. 3. They can both sometimes make people cry.

What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.

I like my women how I like my coffee. Without some other guys dick in it.

What do you call an expert fisherman? A Master Baiter.

Q. Why did got only take 1 rib from Adam? A. Because if God had taken any more out Adam would never have needed Eve.

What do you call a prostitute with a fake tan? An Orange pay as you go!

Just been to see the doctor about a mole on the end of my dick. He told me I should be OK but he also reported me to the RSPCA.

What is the difference between a job and a dead prostitute? A job still sucks.

A term made up by women no one will fuck.

Q. Why do blonde women get confused in the toilet? A. Because they have to pull their own pants down.

If you have sex with a prostitute without permission is it raype or shoplifting?

The best thing about having a prostitute die on you is that you get to have the 2nd hour for free

My wife loves to scream when having sex.. especially after I walk in on her.

I tried phone sex last night but the holes where too small.

The average person has sex 85 times a year. Looks like this is going to be one hell of a week.

167