Disabled Jokes

A blind woman told me I had a big penis yesterday. I think she was pulling my leg.

If someone is deaf what language does the voice in their head speak?

Q. What caused the death of Captain Hook? A. He accidentally use the wrong hand wiping his ass,

What do you call a disabled Asian? Sum Ting Wong

Why do anorexics love KFC? Because it comes with a bucket.

Whoever persuaded blind people they need to wear sunglasses must have been one hell of a salesman.

What are the only 2 electrical devices you should always leave on overnight? Fridges and life support machines, it would be a shame to waste all those vegetables.

The other day my Nan found a lump in each of her breasts. Turns out it was just her knees.

Just recently finished a jigsaw puzzle in only 5 months, the box said 2-4 years.

Make sure you wear protection when your having phone sex.  I had phone sex the other night without protection and now I have hearing aids.

Who cleans up after guide dogs?

My psychologist told me this morning that they have now found a cure for dyslexia. It was like music to my arse.

Somebody as just wrote retard on the frosted window screen of my car. It took me ages too lick it off.

What do you call an epileptic in a bush? Russell.

A dyslexic man walks into a bra.

Disabled toilets. Ironically, the only toilets that are big enough to run around in.

Q. What do you call 100 spastics in a swimming pool? A. Vegetable soup

Q. What did the dwarf say when he saw a prostitute? A. Hi hoe

Just got a water bed, my wife calls it the Dead Sea.

What do you call an autistic kid with a gun?? SpecialForces

What do you call a guy who can swim without using his arms and legs? Clever dick.

Stayed up all night trying to remember if I have amnesia or insomnia.

Q. Why do bulimics love KFC? A. Because it comes with a bucket.

What they lack in body, they make up in forehead.

Whats black and screams?? Jordans son harvey answering the iron

My wifes dancing is terrible, she has two left feet. I should never have married a woman from Chernobyl.

53