Dog Jokes

Q: What do you call a dog magician?  A: A labracadabrador.

Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show?  A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY!

Q: Why did the dog need help on his Pros and Cons chart?  A: He was CON-fused!

Q: What happened when the dog went to the flea circus?  A: He stole the show!

Q: What do you get if you cross a gold dog with a telephone?  A: A golden receiver!

As the stranger enters a country store, he spots a sign: "Danger! Beware of Dog!" Inside, he sees a harmless old hound asleep in the middle of the floor. "Is...

Q. Why aren't dogs good dancers?  A. Because they have two left feet!

Q: What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a jelly?  A: The collie wobbles!

Q: What kind of dog chases anything red?  A: A Bulldog.

Q: What do you call a black Eskimo dog?  A: A dusky husky!

Q: Did you hear about the dog who couldn't stop talking like a horse?  A: It was a dog and pony show.

Q: What do you get if you cross a Beatle and an Australian dog?  A: Dingo Starr!

This ad in the Bozeman Daily Chronicle was obviously directed toward pet lovers only: "Free to good home, a loving Jack Russell terror dog."

Q: Why do dogs bury bones in the ground?  A: Because you can't bury them in trees!

Q: What do you get when you cross a race dog with a bumble bee?  A: A Greyhound Buzz.

Q: What do you call a large dog that meditates?  A: Aware wolf.

Q: What do you get when you cross a dog and a calculator?  A: A friend you can count on.

Q: What do you call a cold dog?  A: A Chilli Dog.

Q: What does my dog and my phone have in common?  A: They both have collar I.D.

Q: What do dogs do after they finish obedience school? A: They get their masters.

Q: Why did the dog cross the road?  A: To get to the "barking" lot!

"For sale: Eight puppies from a German shepherd and an Alaskan hussy."

Q. How do dog catchers get paid?  A. By the pound!

Q: How did the little Scottish dog feel when he saw a monster?  A: Terrier-fied!

Q: How are a dog and a marine biologist alike?  A: One wags a tail and the other tags a whale.

Q: What do you call a frozen dog?  A: A pupsicle.

Penn Jillette, the chatty half of the magic duo Penn & Teller, shared with us his favorite clean joke: Two racehorses are in a stable. One says to the other,...

Q: Why aren't dogs good dancers?  A: Because they have two left feet!

Q: What do chemists' dogs do with their bones?  A: They barium!

Q: What kind of dog does Dracula have?  A: A bloodhound!

The dogs next door get a little noisy, so one day somebody called animal control to complain. When the officers arrived, I heard my neighbor tell them, "Hey, dogs bark....

Q: What did the skeleton say to the puppy?  A: Bonappetite

Q: What did the dog say when he sat on sandpaper? A: Ruff!

Q: Why did the poor dog chase his own tail? A: He was trying to make both ends meet!

Q: What dog keeps the best time? A: A watch dog!

Q: Why don't dogs make good dancers? A: Because they have two left feet!

Q: What happens when it rains cats and dogs? A: You can step in a poodle!

Q: Why are dogs like phones? A: Because they have collar IDs.

Q: What dog loves to take bubble baths? A: A shampoodle!

Q: What do you call a dog that is left handed? A: A south paw!

Q: What did one flea say to the other? A: Should we walk or take a dog?

Q: What type of markets do dogs avoid? A: Flea markets!

Q: What did the cowboy say when his dog ran away? A: Well, doggone!

87