Food Jokes

A boy is selling fish on a corner. To get his customers' attention, he is yelling, "Dam fish for sale! Get your dam fish here!" A pastor hears this and asks, "Why are you calling them 'dam fish.'" The boy responds, "Because I caught these fish at the local dam." The pastor buys a couple fish, takes them home to his wife, and asks her to cook the dam fish. The wife responds surprised, "I didn't know it was acceptable for a preacher to speak that way." He explains to her why they are dam fish. Later at the dinner table, he asks his son to pass the dam fish. He responds, "That's the spirit, Dad! Now pass the f*cking potatoes!"

Q.  Why did the apple run away?  A.  Because the banana split!

Q: How do you get a blond on the roof?  A: You tell her the food is on the house.

Did you hear about the butcher who backed up into the meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.

Q: Why did was the Mexican fast food vendor arrested?  A: He was planning a tacover.

Your Halloween costume came in the mail today. I opened it. It was a rooster mask and a bag of lollipops. Going as a c*ck sucker again!?

Q: What kind of key opens a banana?  A: A monkey.

Q:How do you know a clock is still hungry? A: It goes back four seconds.

I just bought a cured ham; I wonder what it had.

Waiter: "Do you want any dessert?"  Teddy Bear: "No Thanks. I'm Stuffed!"

Q: Why did the can crusher quit his job?  A: Because it was soda pressing.

Q: Why do the French eat snails? A: They don't like fast food.

Q: What's a race car's favorite thing to eat for lunch?  A: Fast food!

A teacher is teaching a class and she sees that Johnny isn't paying attention, so she asks him, "If there are three ducks sitting on a fence, and you shoot one, how many are left?" Johnny says, "None." The teacher asks, "Why?" Johnny says, "Because the shot scared them all off." The teacher says, "No, two, but I like how you're thinking." Johnny asks the teacher, "If you see three women walking out of an ice cream parlor, one is licking her ice cream, one is sucking her ice cream, and one is biting her ice cream, which one is married?" The teacher says, "The one sucking her ice cream." Johnny says, "No, the one with the wedding ring, but I like how you're thinking!"

Q: What is crazy and walks along the sides of buildings?  A: A walnut.

A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: "Sorry, we don't serve food in here."

Q: Why do hamburgers go to the gym?  A: To get better buns!

Q: What was Ludwig van Beethoven's favorite fruit?  A: Ba-na-na-na!

A fat man goes into a fast food restaurant and orders his food. The cashier says that it will be a minute or two for his food. Finally his food is ready. The cashier hands the food to the fat guy and tells him, "Sorry about your weight."

Q: How do you make an egg-roll? A: You push it!!!

Yo momma so fat her favorite food is seconds.

Q: What do you call a cow with two legs?  A: Lean beef.

Two old timers were talking after church one day and the one asks the other, "So tell me brother, what did you think of the soul food this morning?" The other replies, "The food was excellent but the service sucked!"

Yo momma's so poor, when I told her about the Last Supper, she thought the food stamps had run out.

Q: What happened when the Zucchini played baseball? A: it got pickled

Q: How come oysters never donate to charity?  A: Because they are shellfish.

A farmer is walking with a prospective buyer when they see a beautiful pig in the yard, except it has a wooden leg. The buyer asks, "Why the wooden leg?" The farmer replies, "That pig is so smart, I let it drive the kids to school."  "Great, but why the wooden leg?"  "The pig is so smart it has a degree in horticulture and philosophy."  "Amazing! But why the bloody wooden leg?"  "Well when you have a pig that smart you don't eat it all at once!"

Did you hear the joke about the butter? I do not think I should tell you because you might spread it around...

A panda walks into a bar, sits down, and orders a sandwich. He eats, pulls out a gun, and shoots the waiter dead. As the panda stands up to go, the bartender shouts, "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for the food!" The panda yells back, "Hey man, I'm a panda. Look it up!" The bartender opens his dictionary to panda, "A tree climbing mammal of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white coloring. Eats, shoots, and leaves."

Q: What do you call a sad coffee?  A: Depresso.

The employees at Taco Bell recently started wearing gloves when preparing the food. Ever wonder if their intentions are to protect their hands from the food they're serving?

Q. What do you call a fake noodle? A. An Impasta!

I told my wife I was going to make a bike out of spaghetti. She couldn't believe it when I rode pasta.

Q: What does a skeleton order at a restaurant?  A: Spare ribs!

Q: Why can't you tell an egg a joke?  A: Because it will crack up.

A man walks into a bar and sits down. He asks the bartender, "Can I have a cigarette?" The bartender replies, "Sure, the cigarette machine is over there."  So he walks over to the machine and as he is about to order a cigarette, the machine suddenly says, "Oi, you bloody idiot." The man says with surprise in his voice, "That's not very nice." He returns to his bar stool without a cigarette and asks the bartender for some peanuts. The bartender passes the man a bowl of peanuts and the man hears one of the peanuts speak, "Ooh, I like your hair."  The man says to the bartender, "Hey, what's going on here? Your cigarette machine is insulting me and this peanut is coming on to me. Why's this?" The bartender replies, "Oh, that's because the machine is out of order and the peanuts are complementary."

A teacher asked her students to use the word "beans" in a sentence. "My father grows beans," said one girl. "My mother cooks beans," said a boy. A third student spoke up, "We are all human beans."

Q: Why did the tofu cross the road?  A: To prove he wasn't chicken.

Q.  What's a shark's favorite sandwich?  A.  Peanut butter and jellyfish!

Q: How can you drop a raw egg onto a concrete floor without cracking it?  A: Any way you want, concrete floors are very hard to crack.

Three men are all working on building a house. They go up to the roof for lunch, and unwrapped their sandwiches. The Brunette says "if I get one more Tuna sandwich, I'm going to jump off this roof and kill myself. The black haired one says "if I get one more pickle and lettuce sandwich, I, too, am going to jump off this roof and kill myself. The blonde looks at his sandwich and also declares, "if I get one more peanut butter and jelly sandwich, I'm going to jump off this roof and kill myself." The next day, they all get the same sandwiches and kill themselves. That night, their wives all meet up and mourn. "If I had known that my husband was going to kill himself over a sandwich, I wouldn't have given it to him." The brunette cries. "Same," the raven head replies. They both look at the blonde. "Don't look at me, he packed his own lunch!"

Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.

An Italian mother says, "If you don't eat all the food on this plate, I'll kill you." A Jewish mother says, "If you don't eat all the food on this plate, I'll kill myself."

There were two cannibals who captured a man. They decided it would be fair if they started eating from opposite ends. After a few minutes, the one who started at the head asked the other one, "How's it going down there?" And the other one replies, "I'm having a ball!"

Q. How much room is needed for fungi to grow? A. As mushroom as possible

Q: What do you call stoned Mexicans?  A: Baked beans.

Yo mama so fat the bears have to hide their food from her when she goes camping.

Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%. It's called a wedding cake.

Q: What did the grape say when it was stepped on?  A: Nothing, it just let out a little wine.

Q: What do cats eat for breakfast?  A: Mice Krispies.

Q: What do you call a baptized Mexican?  A: Bean dip.

Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?  A: Spoiled milk.

A guy is going on an ocean cruise and he tells his doctor that he's worried about getting seasick. The doctor suggests, ''Eat two pounds of stewed tomatoes before you leave the dock.'' The guy replies, ''Will that keep me from getting sick, Doc?'' The doctor says, "No, but it'll look really pretty in the water.''

I went to a hot dog stand with my pet snake. I said," May I please have a hot dog for my snake?" The waitress replied, "I'm sorry, but we're all out of buns." I said, "My anaconda don't want none unless you've got buns, hun!"

My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.

A man kills a deer and takes it home to cook for dinner. Both he and his wife decide that they won't tell the kids what kind of meat it is, but will give them a clue and let them guess. The dad said, "Well it's what Mommy calls me sometimes." The little girl screamed to her brother, "Don't eat it. Its an asshole!

Q. What did the nacho say to the taco? A. I"m nacho friend

A disciple went to his master and said, "I have served you faithfully for ten years. Now I have a wish: give me something to eat which will never end." His master said, "Here, have some chewing gum."

Yo momma is so stupid she ate her food stamps.

If tomatoes are a fruit, isn't ketchup a smoothie?

Q: If you have 13 apples in one hand and 10 oranges in the other, what do you have?  A: Big hands.

Q: How do you turn white chocolate into dark chocolate?  A: Turn off the light.

Q: Where do you learn how to make ice cream? A: Sundae School

Have you heard the story of the magic sandwich? Never mind, it's just a bunch of bologna.

A crab walks into a bar and asks for something to drink. The bartender says, "Sorry, we do not serve food."

You've got your head so far up your ass you can chew your food twice.

A lot of people cry when they cut an onion. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.

Q: Why don't blondes like to make Kool-Aid?  A: They can't fit 8 quarts of water in that tiny little packet.

Two old friends crossed paths after not seeing one another for almost a decade.  Utkarsh: "What are you doing these days?"  Sparsh: "PHD."  Utkarsh: "Wow! You're a doctor!"  Sparsh: "No, Pizza Home Delivery."

I work at a local fast food joint. It cracks me up when a fat ass customer orders a quadruple stacked cheeseburger, with extra sauce, a ton of extras, extra large fries with extra sauce, and then orders a small diet coke.

Becoming a vegetarian is a huge missed steak.

Q. What do you call a round, green vegetable that breaks out of prison?  A. An escapea.

Q: Did you hear the one about the greedy peanut butter?  A: I'm not telling you. You might spread it.

What does a grape say when it gets stepped on? Nothing, it just lets out a little wine.

Q. What do you call a fake noodle?  A. An impasta.

I can't stand potato puns. I think they're pomme de terrible.

Q. Why does yogurt love going to museums?  A. Because it's cultured.

Q: Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the casino?  A: He was on a roll!

What do you get if you cross an apple with a shellfish? A crab apple!

A guy just threw a glass of milk at me. How dairy!

Q: What do you get if you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter?  A: Pumpkin pi

Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?  A: Spoiled milk.

Starving after hours of driving nonstop, my husband and I pulled over at a truck stop. While he gassed up the car, I went into the restaurant and placed our...

Q: Why do watermelons have fancy weddings? A: Because they cantaloupe.

The majority of Americans find bananas a peeling.

Becoming a vegetarian was a huge missed steak.

Person 1: I just burned 2000 calories in 20 minutes.  Person 2: How?!  Person 1: I forgot to take my brownies out of the oven.

Q: Who's a dessert's favorite actor?  A: Robert Brownie, Jr.

Q: What happened after an explosion at a French cheese factory?  A: All that was left was de brie.

Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.

Q. What did the hot dog say when his friend passed him in the race?  A. Wow, I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.

Q: What do you call the king of vegetables? A: Elvis Parsley.

Q. How much room should you give fungi to grow?  A. As mushroom as possible.

Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.

Q: Which dessert is perfect for eating in bed? A: A sheet cake.

I love when candy canes are in mint condition.

SPOILER ALERT: That milk has been in the fridge for three weeks.

Q. Which thrill ride does a wine glass love to go on the most?  A. A coaster!  (Credit: justbadpuns.com)

It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.

Spending a lot of time at the coffee bar can cause a latte problems.

Did you hear how they caught the great produce bandit? He stopped to take a leek.

Q: How do you get a hipster to eat a hot dog?  A: Put it in a man bun.

Q: Why do hamburgers go to the gym?  A: To get better buns.

Q: What are hot dogs called in winter?  A: Chilly dogs

Q. How do you keep intruders out of a castle made of cheese?  A. Moatzarella.

Q: What do you get when you play Tug-of-War with a pig? A: Pulled-Pork.

My neighbor texted me, "I just made synonym buns!" I texted back, "You mean like grammar use to make?" I haven't heard from her since.

Did you see the movie about the hot dog? It was an Oscar Wiener.

Q: What has T in the beginning, T in the middle, and T at the end? A: A teapot.

The price of candy at the movie theater is ridiculous. They're always raisinet!

Q: Why did the butcher work extra hours at the shop?  A: To make ends meat

Boy, I just got hit in the head with a can of soda. I was lucky it was a soft drink.

Q: What do you call cheese that is sad?  A: Blue cheese.

Q. What do you call a grilled cheese sandwich that gets right up in your face?  A. Too close for comfort food.

Q: Why did the tomato blush?  A: Because it saw the salad dressing.

Q: Why doesn't McDonald's serve escargot?  A: It's not fast food!

What do you call blueberries playing the guitar? A jam session.

Q: Why shouldn't you tell a secret on a farm?  A: Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears.

Q. Which type of vegetable tries to be cool, but is only partly successful at it?  A. The radish.

A lot of people cry when they cut onions. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.

Q: Why do French people eat snails?  A: Because they won't touch fast food.

Q. What's the difference between a shamrock and a bread knife that gets used a lot?  A. The shamrock is a four-leaf clover, and the knife is a four-loaf cleaver.

I went to a seafood restaurant and slipped. I pulled a mussel.

Did you see the movie about the hot dog? It was an Oscar wiener.

Q: Why did the apricot ask a prune to dinner?  A: Because he couldn't find a date.

Did you hear the one about the guy who invented Tic Tacs? They say he made a mint.

Q: Did you hear about the carrot detective?  A: He got to the root of every case.

Q: What does a nosy pepper do? A: Gets jalapeño business.

Q: What do you call a dishonest noodle? A: An Impasta.

Q: What is black; white; green and bumpy? A: A pickle wearing a tuxedo.

Q: What do you call cheese that isn't yours? A: Nacho cheese!

Q: What kind of coffee was served on the Titanic? A: Sanka!

Q: What's the best thing to put into a pie? A: Your teeth!

Q: Waiter, this food tastes kind of funny? A: Then why aren't you laughing!

Q: Did you hear the joke about the peanut butter? A: I'm not telling you. You might spread it!

Q: Why do the French like to eat snails? A: Because they don't like fast food!

Q: Why did the fisherman put peanut butter into the sea? A: To go with the jellyfish!

Q: Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? A: Because it might crack up!

Q: What did the baby corn say to it's mom? A: Where is pop corn?

Q: What do you call candy that was stolen? A: Hot chocolate!

Q: What kind of nuts always seems to have a cold? A: Cashews!

Q: Waiter, will my pizza be long? A: No sir, it will be round!

Q: What is green and sings? A: Elvis Parsley

Q: Why did the banana go to the doctor? A: Because it wasn't peeling well!

Q: What is green and brown and crawls through the grass? A: A Girl Scout who has lost her cookie.

Q: What is white, has a horn, and gives milk? A: A dairy truck!

Q: What candy do you eat on the playground? A: Recess pieces.

Q: Why don't you starve in a desert? A: Because of all the 'sand which is' there.

Q: How do you make a walnut laugh? A: Crack it up!

Q: In which school do you learn to make ice cream? A: Sunday School.

Q: What do elves make sandwiches with? A: Shortbread

Q: Why shouldn't you tell a secret on a farm? A: Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears.

Q: What is a pretzel's favorite dance? A: The Twist!

Q: What are twins favorite fruit? A: Pears!

Q: If a crocodile makes shoes, what does a banana make? A: Slippers!

Q: What do you give to a sick lemon? A: Lemon aid!

Q: Why did the lady love to drink hot chocolate? A: Because she was a cocoanut!

Q: How do you make a milk shake? A: Give it a good scare!

Q: What do you call a peanut in a spacesuit? A: An astronut!

Q: What kind of keys do kids like to carry? A: Cookies!

Q: Why don't they serve chocolate in prison? A: Because it makes you break out!

Q: What cheese is made backwards? A: Edam.

325