Funny Jokes

We need a 12-step group for compulsive talkers. They could call it On Anon Anon.  Paula Poundstone

When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant, I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I...

Try an internship! Internships give you all the experience of a summer job without the hassle of a paycheck.  Stephen Colbert

If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library? Lily Tomlin

What are they planting to grow the seedless watermelon?  Jerry Seinfeld

The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form.  Businessman Stanley Randall

I bought one of those tapes to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, the tape skipped. Now I can only stutter in Spanish.  Steven Wright

If people say they just love the smell of books, I always want to pull them aside and ask, To be clear, do you know how reading works? @bridger_w (Bridger...

A watched pot never boils, but it does get paranoid. Lesley Wake

If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?  Abraham Lincoln

When I trace a turkey, it comes out looking exactly like my hand.  @ConanOBrien

Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it.  @meganamram

I got my hair highlighted because I thought some strands were more important than others.  Comedian Mitch Hedberg

Nature abhors a vacuum, but not as much as a cat does.  anonymous

As soon as the hospital made me put on one of those little gowns, I knew the end was in sight.  Adam Joshua Smargon, Newark, Delaware

Electricity is really just organized lightning.  George Carlin

Research has found that because it makes you think positive thoughts, throwing salt over your shoulder can actually prevent bad luck. Or at least give you better luck than the...

Swimming is a confusing sport, because sometimes you do it for fun, and other times you do it to not die.  Comedian Demetri Martin

Funny, uplifting and silly quotes about this beautiful time of year.

The baby is great. My wife and I have just started potty training. Which I think is important because when we want to potty train the baby, we should set...

Q: What goes up and down but does not move? A: Stairs

Q: Where should a 500 pound alien go? A: On a diet

Q: What did one toilet say to the other? A: You look a bit flushed.

Q: Why did the picture go to jail? A: Because it was framed.

Q: What did one wall say to the other wall? A: I'll meet you at the corner.

Q: What did the paper say to the pencil? A: Write on!

Q: What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to? A: Lonely

Q: What gets wetter the more it dries? A: A towel.

Q: Why do bicycles fall over? A: Because they are two-tired!

Q: Why do dragons sleep during the day? A: So they can fight knights!

Q: What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up? A: Someday my prints will come!

Q: Why was the broom late? A: It over swept!

Q: What part of the car is the laziest? A: The wheels, because they are always tired!

Q: What did the stamp say to the envelope? A: Stick with me and we will go places!

Q: What is blue and goes ding dong? A: An Avon lady at the North Pole!

Q: Were you long in the hospital? A: No, I was the same size I am now!

Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards? A: Because he was sitting on the deck!

Q: What did the laundryman say to the impatient customer? A: Keep your shirt on!

Q: What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper? A: Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV?

Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator? A: I think I'm coming down with something!

Q: Why was the belt arrested? A: Because it held up some pants!

Q: Why was everyone so tired on April 1st? A: They had just finished a March of 31 days.

Q: Which hand is it better to write with? A: Neither, it's best to write with a pen!

Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? A: Because then it would be a foot!

Q: What makes the calendar seem so popular? A: Because it has a lot of dates!

Q: Why did Mickey Mouse take a trip into space? A: He wanted to find Pluto!

Q: What is green and has yellow wheels? A: Grass…..I lied about the wheels!

Q: What is it that even the most careful person overlooks? A: Her nose!

Q: Did you hear about the robbery last night? A: Two clothes pins held up a pair of pants!

Q: Why do you go to bed every night? A: Because the bed won't come to you!

Q: Why did Billy go out with a prune? A: Because he couldn't find a date!

Q: Why do eskimos do their laundry in Tide? A: Because it's too cold out-tide!

Q: How do you cure a headache? A: Put your head through a window and the pane will just disappear!

Q: What has four wheels and flies? A: A garbage truck!

Q: What kind of car does Mickey Mouse's wife drive? A: A minnie van!

Q: Why don't traffic lights ever go swimming? A: Because they take too long to change!

Q: Why did the man run around his bed? A: To catch up on his sleep!

Q: Why did the robber take a bath before he stole from the bank? A: He wanted to make a clean get away!

117