General Jokes

Went to see the doctor last week, he gave me 4 months to live, so I shot him. Today the judge gave me 20 years, problem solved.

My doctor told me today I need to watch my drinking. I now drink in front of a mirror.

Diet Day 1: Just removed all the fattening food from my house, it was delicious.

Why is it that good people are always the ones who get screwed over? The other day I gave my seat to an old lady on the bus and then I got fired from my job as a bus driver.

The following conversation took place while a prisoner was awaiting execution by electric chair. Priest: Do you have any last requests? Prisoner: Yes I do, can I hold your hand?

Just had the following conversation in a job interview.  Interviewer: Describe yourself in 1 word. Me: Hired. 2nd Interviewer: Can he do that?

Just seen two men walking together wearing matching clothes. I asked them if they were gay and they arrested me.

My penis was once in the Guinness World Records. Until the librarian told me to take it out.

Q. Why was the coffee sad? A. Because it was depresso

A funeral was held today for the inventor of air conditioning. Thousands of fans attended.

Some people call me immature but I just recently finished a 700 page book in only 4 days. I really love coloring in.

I asked a pretty, young, homeless woman if I could take her home, and she said yes with a big smile. The look on her face soon changed when I walked off with her cardboard box.

I remember in the old days when instead of selfie sticks people used to have things called friends.

Went to the doctors yesterday and told him that every time I drink coffee I get a stabbing pain in my right eye. He advised me to take the spoon out of the cup.

If you had the choice between being as rich as Bill Gates or having world peace, what color Lamborghini would you buy?

When you have a fat friend at school see-saws no longer exist, only catapults.

Started the new cake diet yesterday. All you have to do is make cakes for all your friends. The fatter they look the thinner you will look!

Just been threatened by my housemate for stealing his clothes. I nearly sh*t his pants.

One of my nipples is a different colour from the other two. Is this normal?

Whatever you do always give 100%, unless your donating blood.

Just been fired from my new job at the bank.  An old lady asked me to check her balance so I jumped on her back.

Just been sacked from my job as a wedding planner. I thought releasing birds would be romantic but apparently ostriches are dangerous animals.

Teacher: Name three Kings of England who greatly transformed the country and made it a better place to live.  Student: Drin-king, smo-king and fu-king.

Earlier today I swallowed two pieces of string and they came out tied together. I shit you knot.

Chocolate comes from cocoa, which comes from a tree, which is a plant. Therefore chocolate is a type of salad. The End.

For those worried about Alexa listening to your conversations Amazon are now releasing a male version called Alex who ignores everything you say.

What do you call a fat psychic? A four chin teller.

My psychologist told me not to keep things bottled up so I went home and drank all my wine.

If teachers really want you to follow your dreams why do you get shouted at for falling asleep in class?

I lost my watch at a party once. An hour later I saw some guy stepping on it while he was sexually harassing some woman at that party. Infuriated, I went over, punched him and broke his nose. No one does that to a woman, not on my watch.

Marriage is like a hand grenade, take off the ring and say goodbye to your house.

Just accidentally pushed an old women on the floor. Apparently when she asked me to check her balance she was talking about a cash machine.

The universe made of 4 things, protons, electrons, neutrons and morons.

Did you know that 85% of pie charts resemble Pacman?

That beautiful smell when you put a thick juicy piece of steak onto a barbecue. I wonder if vegans get the same feeling when they are cutting the grass?

I used to hate facial hair but then it grew on me.

Q. How do farmers party? A. They turnip the beats.

If Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber were drowning in a swimming pool, what type of sandwich would you make?

The worst part about getting fired from my job at the unemployment office was that I still had to show up the next day.

Found out last night that watching your lover sleep is only romantic if they know who you are.

What do you call a man who randomly attacks people with his lower forearm? A terror wrist.

Saw this stunning girl at a bar last night. I got her a drink, walked over to her and then felt my knees go weak and my stomach turn to butterflies. Turns out that I spiked the wrong drink by mistake.

Some guy at work today said I was really bad with names.

I went to my doctor and he said he had some good news and some bad news. He said the good news was that he got my test results and I had two days to live. Then he said the bad news was that he has been trying to contact me for two days.

A policeman arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off.

Q. Why do women hold a grudge against you for many years if you call them fat? A. Because elephants never forget.

Research scientists have discovered that fat women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.

My parents always taught me to chase my dreams but last night the police told me that stalking women is actually illegal and if they catch me again I could be sent to jail.

The man who invented auto-correct spell checking died today. Restaurant in peace.

Found my birth certificate the other day. It was an apology from the condom factory.

How many men does it take to open a beer bottle? Zero. It should be open when she brings it.

Just ordered a licence number plate BAA BAA. Should look cool on my black jeep.

Q. What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? A. Virgin Mobile.

Fell asleep with my iPhone under my pillow last night and when I woke up it was gone and replaced with a shiny new fifty pence piece. Damn that Blue-Tooth Fairy.

Never trust a gay vegan. They still eat meat.

The problem with twitter is that you always run out of chara-

A recent survey has found that vegetarians live 9 years longer. Nine boring, horrible, worthless, baconless, meatless years.

Had a piss in my local swimming pool earlier this morning. Lifeguard blew his whistle so loud I almost fell off the diving board.

Went to the gym today and theres a new machine! Used it for an hour and felt sick.. Its good though, it does everything Kitkats, Mars bars, Snickers

Vaccinated or not please remember to wear deodorant.

By replacing your morning coffee with green tea you can replace 87% of the joy you have left in your life.

My neighbor recently received an unexplained head injury while in his garden and had to go to hospital. Luckily his house is only a stones throw away from mine and I was able to find him and call for help.

I never realized how common Tourettes syndrome was until I got a job as a traffic warden.

1 slice of apple pie: Jamaica $4.50 Bahamas $6.50 Aruba $3.50 Cayman Islands $10.50 These are the real pie rates of the Caribbean.

Me: Alexa, remind me to go to the gym. Alexa: I have added gin to your shopping list. Me: Close enough.

Saw 2 fat people talking earlier today. It was a HEAVY discussion!

My doctor recently told me to keep away from alcohol so I now drink using a 10ft long straw.

Q. Why did the detective get fired after the peanut factory was robbed?  A. Because he refused to deal with a nut case.

Just scared the postman today by going to the door naked. Not sure what scared him more, my body or the fact that I knew where he lived.

10 reasons why men are lazy: 1)

Just had the following conversation with a police man after speeding.  Police: Do you know why I pulled you over for speeding? Me: Is it because it would have been too windy to speak while we were driving?

If I refuse to go to the gym does that count as resistance training?

I have a fear of speed bumps But i am slowly getting over it

I hope the thief who stole my anti-depressants is happy now.

The five stages of life: 1. Birth. 2. Pissing and shiting yourself. 3. Having to pay for everything. 4. Pissing and shiting yourself. 5. Death.

The thing I love most about this hot weather is the short skirts and low cut tops. Although, they do make me look a bit gay.

Do you know what makes me smile? Facial muscles.

Four out of five dentists recommended flossing every day.  The other one is out killing lions.

Got arrested last night. Apparently watching your lover sleep is only romantic if they know who you are.

Black Friday special. Stay at home and save 100%.

I heard if you drink every day that means your an alcoholic so I now only drink at night.

I enjoy smoking a lot of drugs like marijuana and cigarettes and drinking alcohol but cocaine is where I draw the line.

im not an expert with cactuses but i know a prick when i see one

Just got fired from my job recently for concentrating too much. I work at an orange juice factory!

Q. Why do women defy the laws of gravity? A. Because the heavier they get the easier they are to pick up.

Rap is 75% Crap!

What do Benefit street and Sesame street have in common? They both have a big bird, a guy living in a bin and people trying to learn the alphabet.

What do dating and driving have in common? They both involve being chased by the police if you go too fast.

What do you call a ginger person who works at a bakery? A ginger bread-man.

I gave my liver a big surprise today, I actually drank a glass of water.

I hate job interviews, they always end badly. I just never seem to be able to pick the right moment to lean in and go for the kiss.

Went to a positive thinking course last week, it was sh*t.

Had a random drug test today at work and my results were negative. My dealer has got a lot of explaining to do.

What flavour ice-cream do electricians like to eat? Shock-a-lot!

Why did the biology teacher split up with the physics teacher? Because their was no chemistry

Opinions are like assholes, everyone has one and some stink!

Heard on the news that the worlds oldest man died earlier today. Why does this keep happening?

What do you call a bee in America? a USB!

Scientific survey found out recently that 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy.

Top 3 phrases that men dread to hear.  1. Sorry the bacon has run out. 2. Sorry the beer has run out. 3. Is it in yet?

Just had the strangest experience. The lady walking ahead of me sped up, so I did, she began running so I ran too, she screamed so I screamed as well. I never even saw what we were running from.

Just decided to start my own company promoting social justice. All my employees are going to be female. This is better because it promotes equality in society. Also I can pay them lower wages than men and they have nice tits.

Just cleared my student loan only 3 months after graduating. All I had to do was fake my own death.

207