Halloween Jokes

Skeletons love to binge-watch their favorite shows on the skelevision.

Q: How do you get inside a locked cemetery at night? A: Use a Skeleton Key to unlock the gates!

Q. What has hundreds of ears but can't hear a thing?  A. A cornfield!

Q: What genre of music does a mummy like the best? A: Wrap!

Q: What do birds say on Halloween to get candy?  A: Twick-or-tweet

The skeleton decided to bone up on the facts for the big exam.

Q: What do you get if you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter?  A: Pumpkin pi

Skeleton 1: Why are graveyards so noisy? Skeleton 2: I dunno. Why? Skeleton 1: Because of all the coffin.

Q: What happened to the skeleton who stayed by the fire for too long?  A: He became bone dry

Q. How do vampires start their letters?  A. "Tomb it may concern..."

Q: Why did the skeleton climb up the tree?  A: Because a dog was after his bones!

Q: Why are skeletons so good at chopping down trees? A: They're LUMBARjacks!

Q: What do witches ask for at hotels? A: Broom service!

Q: Why didn't the zombie go to school? A: He felt rotten!

Q: Who was the most famous skeleton detective? A: Sherlock Bones

I wanted to tell a skeleton pun, but I don't have the guts for it.

The favored historical ruler of skeletons is none other than Napoleon Bone-a-part.

Q: What do Italian ghosts have for dinner? A: Spook-hetti!

Q: What dog breed would Dracula love to have as a pet? A: Blood hound!

The skeleton ordered a cabernet wine with a full body because he didn't have one.

Q: What does the skeleton chef say when he serves you a meal? A: "Bone Appetit!"

Q: Where do ghosts like to travel on vacation?  A: The Dead Sea!

Q: What do you call a witch who lives on a beach?  A: A sand-witch

Q: What is a skeleton's favorite musical instrument? A: A Trombone!

Q: Why are ghosts bad liars?  A. Because you can see right through them!

Every Sunday, the skeleton plays his organ for the congregation.

Q: What is the name of the witch who lives in the desert? A: Sand-witch!

Q: What do ghosts use to wash their hair?  A: Sham-BOO!

Q: What do ghosts wear when their eyesight gets blurred? A: Spooktacles

Q: What would be the national holiday for a nation of vampires? A: Fangs-giving!

Did you hear about the skeleton that dropped out of medical school? He just didn't have the stomach for it.

There are two skeleton teachers at school. One is humerus, but the other is very sternum.

The skeleton cried his eyes out because he didn't have any body to love.

Q: What happened to the pirate ship that sank in the sea full of sharks? A: It came back with a skeleton crew!

Q: Which fruit is a vampire's favorite? A: Neck-tarine!

The skeleton couldn't keep anything tidy because of his lazy bones.

Q: What does a panda ghost eat? A: Bam-BOO!

Q. What does the ghost call his true love? A. My ghoul-friend.

Q: Why are skeletons so calm? A: Because nothing gets under their skin!

Q: How did the skeleton know it was going to rain on Halloween?  A: He could feel it in his bones!

Q: How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? A: You use a pumpkin patch!

Q: What did the mummy ghost say to the noisy young ghost who kept interrupting? A: "Spook when you're spooken to."

Q: Why is a cemetery a great place to write a story? A: Because there are so many plots there!

Q: What do female ghosts use to do their makeup? A: Vanishing Cream!

Q: What does a ghost call his mom and dad? A: His transparents.

The skeleton literally didn't mind that everyone called him a bonehead.

Q: What do you call a monster with no neck? A: The Lost Neck Monster.

The skeleton played a melodic solo riff on his shiny sax-a-bone.

The skeleton canceled the gallery showing of his skull-ptures because his heart wasn't in it.

The one instrument that the skeleton can play better than others is the trom-bone.

Q. Who helps little pumpkins cross the road on the way to school?  A. The Crossing Gourd!

Q: Why did the Vampire read the New York Times? A: He heard it had great circulation.

Q: Know why skeletons are so calm? A: Because nothing gets under their skin.

Q: Why did the vampire need mouthwash? A: Because he had bat breath.

Q: The maker of this product does not want it, the buyer does not use it, and the user does not see it. What is it? A: A coffin.

Q: What do you call a fat pumpkin? A: A plumpkin.

Q: Why did the headless horseman go into business? A: He wanted to get ahead in life.

Q: How do you make a witch itch? A: Take away the W.

Q: Where does a ghost go on vacation? A: Mali-boo.

Q: How do vampires get around on Halloween? A: On blood vessels

Why was the jack-o-lantern afraid to cross the road?  He had no guts.

Q: Why do girl ghosts go on diets? A: So they can keep their ghoulish figures.

Q: Why did the ghost go into the bar? A: For the Boos.

Q: Why do demons and ghouls hang out together? A: Because demons are a ghouls best friend!

Q: How can you tell when a vampire has been in a bakery? A: All the jelly has been sucked out of the jelly doughnuts.

Q: Why are ghosts so bad at lying? A: Because you can see right through them!

Q: What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? A: Frostbite

Q: What kind of monster loves to disco? A: The boogieman.

Q: What do you call a single vampire? A: A bat-chelor.

Q: Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? A: He didn't have the guts!

Q: Why are graveyards noisy? A: Because of all the coffin!

Q: When is it bad luck to meet a black cat? A: When you are a mouse.

Q: What is a scarecrows favorite fruit? A: Straw-berries!

Q: What did the boy ghost say to the girl ghost? A: You sure are Boo-tiful!

Q: Why was the baby ghost sad? A: He wanted his mummy!

Q: What do witches put on their bagels? A: Scream Cheese

Q: What did the vampire say about the Dracula movie? A: It was fang-tastic!

Q: Why are vampires tough to get along with? A: Because they can be pains in the neck!

Q: Do you know how to make a witch itch? A: You take away the w!

Q: What subject in school is easy for a witch? A: Spell-ing

161