Holiday Jokes

Yo momma is so short, when she went to meet Santa he said, "Go back to work!"

What do you do when 50 zombies surround your house? Hope it's Halloween.

Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs?  A: Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's screwing the chickens.

A vampire walks into a bar, sits down, and says to the bartender, "A cup of boiling water, please." The bartender, confused and scared, walks up with the water and says, "I thought vampires drank blood..." The vampire pulls out a used tampon and says, "Yes, it's tea time."

Q: Why are ghosts bad liars?  A: You can see right through them.

People ask me what the time is all the time, and everytime, on time, I tell them, "if you look at that building it'll show you the time because you'll be watching it". Sometimes they laugh and when they don't I shrug and tell them it's a timeless joke that sucks if you work overtime and then they usually move a few centimeters away because it's nighttime in summertime and they just got finished working overtime.

Q: Why are ghosts such good cheerleaders?  A: Because they have a lot of spirit!

Yo momma is so stupid when I told her Christmas is right around the corner she went looking for it.

How is Christmas like your job? You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.

Three men all die on Christmas Day and arrive at the pearly gates. Peter greets them and tells them that they are all evil men who should go to hell, but because it's Christmas, he'll let them into heaven if they have something representing the holiday with them. One of the guys has a Christmas ornament, and gets let in. Another guy has pine needles on his shirt, and gets let in. The third guy pulls out a pair of panties. "How do those represent Christmas?" asks Peter. "These are Carol's."

What do get if you cross a Snowman with a Vampire? Frostbite.

Mother: "Sweetie, make a Christmas wish."  Girl: "I wish that Santa will send some clothes to those naked girls in papa's computer."

What do the female reindeer do when Santa takes the male reindeer out on Christmas Eve? They go into town and blow a few bucks.

Q: If April showers bring may flowers, what do mayflowers bring?  A: Pilgrims!

3 unwritten rules of life . 1) 2) 3)

If athletes get athletes foot, what do astronauts get? Missletoe!

Q. What is a taxidermist's favorite part of Thanksgiving? A. The stuffing.

Why is Santa Claus so jolly? Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.

What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic.

Q: What do elves learn in school?  A: The Elfabet.

Q: Why did the witches' team lose the baseball game?  A: Their bats flew away.

Q: Why do witches wear name tags?  A: To know which witch is which!

Q: What does Miley Cyrus eat for Christmas dinner?  A: Roast twerky!

On Thanksgiving day, a little boy overhears his mom and dad fighting. He hears his mom call his dad a bastard and hears his dad call his mom a bitch. He asks, "Mommy, what does bastard mean?" She answers, "Um, it means boy." Then he asks, "Daddy, what does bitch mean?" He says, "Uh, it means girl." Later that day, the boy sees his father in the bathroom shaving; the dad accidentally cuts himself and says, "Sh*t." The son asks, "What does that mean?" The dad says, "It means shaving cream." Then he sees his mom in the kitchen carving the turkey; she accidentally cuts herself and says, "F*ck." The son asks her what that word means and she says, "It means carving." That evening, the family's guests arrive for Thanksgiving dinner. The son opens the door to welcome them and says, "Welcome bitches and bastards! My dad is in the bathroom rubbing sh*t on his face and my mom is in the kitchen f*cking the turkey."

Q: Why is Santa Claus' sack so big? A: He only comes once a year.

It was Christmas Eve. A woman came home to her husband after a day of busy shopping. Later on that night when she was getting undressed for bed, he noticed a mark on the inside of her leg. "What is that?" he asked. She said, "I visited the tattoo parlor today. On the inside of one leg I had them tattoo 'Merry Christmas,' and on the inside of the other one they tattooed 'Happy New Year.'" Perplexed, he asked, "Why did you do that?" "Well," she replied, "now you can't complain that there's never anything to eat between Christmas and New Years!"

Q: What is a mummy's favorite type of music?  A: Wrap!

Q: What does a skeleton order at a restaurant?  A: Spare ribs!

Q: What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus?  A: Santa stops after three hos.

A little kids sends a letter to Santa that says: "Dear Santa I want a brother for Christmas."  Santa writes back, "Dear Timmy send me me your mommy."

Where do polar bears vote? The North Poll.

What's a turkey's favorite song? "I'm Dreaming of a White Christmas"

Why is christmas just like the day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.

A little kid was out trick-or-treating on Halloween dressed as a pirate. He rang a house's doorbell and the door was opened by a lady. "Oh, how cute! A little pirate! And where are your buccaneers?" she asked. The boy replied, "Under my buckin' hat."

How does Santa count his girl elves?  HO HO HO

What did the skeleton tell the doctor in the club? I need some body to dance!

Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.

Why isn't the turkey hungry at Thanksgiving? Because he's already stuffed!

Q: How did the ghost go on vacation?  A: By scareplane!

Q: Can February march?  A: No, but April may.

Q: Why do pilgrims pants fall down?  A: Because their belts are on their hats.

Why did the vampire subscribe to the Wall St Journal? He heard it had great circulation...

Why don't witches have babies? Because their husbands have Hallo-weenies!!!

Q: Why did the skeleton cross the road?  A: To get to the body shop.

Q: Why are vampires so easy to fool?  A: Because they are suckers.

Q: Why did the Christmas tree go to the barber? A: It needed to be trimmed.

My New Years resolution is 1080p

Q: What Did Frosty Call His Cow? A: Eskimoo!

I once wanted to become an atheist but I gave up ... they have no holidays.

Q: What does lactose free milk wish to the world?  A: Soy to the world

Q: What is a lion's favorite Christmas carol?  A: Jungle Bells.

A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.

Q: What do you get when you combine a Christmas tree with an iPad?  A: A pineapple.

Q: What did the reindeer say before telling his joke?  A: This one'll sleigh you!

Q: How do you find the value of taking Yule the the xth power? A: You take the yule log

Did you hear that Santa knows karate?  He has a black belt.

I wonder if Halloween is the one day of the year Lady Gaga wears sensible slacks.  Jimmy Kimmel

Q: What's A Snowman's Favorite Breakfast? A: Frosted Flakes!

Q: Where did the vampire college student go clothes shopping?  A: Forever 21

A mother gave her grown son two sweaters for Hanukkah. The next time he visited, he made sure to wear one. As he entered her home, instead of the expected...

Q: What do you call a bankrupt Santa? A: Saint Nickel-less.

Two snowmen were standing in a field, and one said to the other 'Can you smell carrot?' The second replied, 'No, but I can taste coal.'

Q. What do snowmen order at fast-food restaurants?  A. An iceberg-er and fries!

Q: What's a good holiday tip? A: Never catch snowflakes with your tongue until all the birds have gone south for the winter.

FYI: By the end of the Twelve Days of Christmas song, your home is crammed with 23 flying Birds and 50 hyperactive Humans.

Q: Who delivers Christmas presents to good little sharks when they're sleeping?  A: Santa Jaws!

Q: What do you call a snowman that can walk? A: Snow-mobile

Q: What do you call always wanting a date for New Year's Eve?  A: Social Security

Q: What do you call a kid who doesn't believe in Santa?  A: A rebel without a Claus.

Q: Why are Comet, Cupid, Donner, and Blitzen always wet?  A: Because they are rain deer.

Why is there so much pressure to spend Independence Day with other people?  Betsy Salkind

Q. What do snowmen do when they're not feeling well?  A. They take a chill pill!

Q: Why was the snowman sad?  A: Cause he had a meltdown.

Every Easter our church stages an elaborate pageant. Last year the man who played Pontius Pilate had to work on the night of the dress rehearsal, and a chorus member...

Q: Why does Santa have three garden plots up at the North Pole?  A: That way he can hoe, hoe, hoe!

My resolution was to read more so I put the subtitles on my tv.

Q: How Do Abomibable Snowmen Greet Each Other? A: Ice to see you!

When I trace a turkey, it comes out looking exactly like my hand.  @ConanOBrien

Q: Where Do Snowmen Go To Dance? A: To snowballs!

Q. What do you call a snowman in July?  A. A puddle.

Q: If they hold a pie eating contest this holiday season, which song will they sing? A: Oh, Come all ye facefuls.

Q: Why did Frosty ask for a divorce? A: His wife was a total flake

Making resolutions and sticking to them can be difficult. Laugh at these ten jokes and try not to take life too seriously.

Greeting Cards: When you care enough to send the very best but not enough to actually write something.

My sister was busy getting ready to host our entire family for Easter. On her to-do list was a hair appointment for her daughter. "So, Katie," said the stylist as...

Q: What is a cow's favorite day? A: Moo-years Day!

Q: What do you get a man who has everything for his birthday? A: A burglar alarm!

Q: What do you get when you plant kisses? A: Two lips.

Q: What did the light bulb say to her man on Valentine's Day? A: I wuv you watts and watts.

Q: Where does the Easter bunny get his breakfast? A: IHOP!

Q: How does the Easter bunny stay in shape? A: Lots of eggercise!

Q: What was the most popular dance in 1776? A: Indepen-dance!

Q: What do you call a fake stone in Ireland? A: A sham rock

Q: Why is St. Patrick's day most frog's favorite holiday? A: Because they are already wearing green

Q: Knock Knock, Who's there? Irish. Irish Who? A: Irish you a happy St. Patrick's Day!

191