Kid Jokes

Q: How do you get inside a locked cemetery at night? A: Use a Skeleton Key to unlock the gates!

Q. What has hundreds of ears but can't hear a thing?  A. A cornfield!

Q: What genre of music does a mummy like the best? A: Wrap!

Q: What do birds say on Halloween to get candy?  A: Twick-or-tweet

Q. Why did Mickey Mouse become an astronaut?  A. So he could visit Pluto!

Q. What do you call two birds in love? A. Tweet-hearts!

Q. What did the big flower say to the little flower?  A. Hi, bud!

Q: What do you get if you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter?  A: Pumpkin pi

The skeleton decided to bone up on the facts for the big exam.

Q. What did the finger say to the thumb?  A. I'm in glove with you!

Q. How does the Man in the Moon cut his hair?  A. Eclipse it!

Q. How do vampires start their letters?  A. "Tomb it may concern..."

Q. What's a writing utensil's favorite place to go on vacation?  A. Pencil-vania!

Q. What did one pickle say to the other pickle who wouldn't stop complaining?  A. "Dill with it."

Q: Why did the skeleton climb up the tree?  A: Because a dog was after his bones!

Take the batteries out of every remote in the house to make it impossible to change the channel. (Bonus points if you switch the TV to your favorite channel before...

Did you hear the one about the little mountain?  It's hill-arious!

Q: What do witches ask for at hotels? A: Broom service!

Q: Why didn't the zombie go to school? A: He felt rotten!

Q. Why is Peter Pan flying all the time?  A. He Neverlands!

Q. What's a banana peel's favorite type of shoe?  A. Slippers!

Q: What do Italian ghosts have for dinner? A: Spook-hetti!

Q: What dog breed would Dracula love to have as a pet? A: Blood hound!

You can really get your parents fooled by pretending their smart phone screen or yours has been cracked. You can download images or even find online apps that will make...

Q. Why was the broom late for school?  A. It overswept!

Q. What's really fast, loud, and tastes good with salsa?  A. A rocket chip!

Q. What do you call a duck that loves making jokes?  A. A wise-quacker!

Two 10-year-old boys from the mountains were riding a train to the city for the first time. For a snack, the attendant gave them bananas. The boys had never eaten...

Get your parents and siblings into a lather in the shower by sealing off their shampoo, conditioner, or body wash. To do this, unscrew the cap and place a small...

Q. What do you call a droid that likes taking the scenic route?  A. R2-Detour!

Q: Where do ghosts like to travel on vacation?  A: The Dead Sea!

Q: What do you call a witch who lives on a beach?  A: A sand-witch

Q: What is a skeleton's favorite musical instrument? A: A Trombone!

Q: Why are ghosts bad liars?  A. Because you can see right through them!

Q: Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall? A: To make up for his miserable summer.  (Credit Southern Living)

Q: What is the name of the witch who lives in the desert? A: Sand-witch!

Q: What do ghosts use to wash their hair?  A: Sham-BOO!

Q: What do ghosts wear when their eyesight gets blurred? A: Spooktacles

Q. Where do polar bears keep their money?  A. In a snow bank!

Q: What would be the national holiday for a nation of vampires? A: Fangs-giving!

My son Ryan was 2 years old when his daddy took him out to the little trout pond we built in our backyard. His dad spent a few minutes showing...

Q: Which fruit is a vampire's favorite? A: Neck-tarine!

My mother was babysitting my son, Lance, and they were watching a foal being born on a farm animal show on TV. With wide-eyed innocence, 3-year-old Lance looked at my...

Q. Why is Cinderella so bad at soccer?  A. Because she always runs away from the ball!

Q: What does a panda ghost eat? A: Bam-BOO!

Q. What does the ghost call his true love? A. My ghoul-friend.

Head lice had been detected on a child in the local school, and the teacher told the girls in his class to wear their hair in a bun to discourage...

Q: How did the skeleton know it was going to rain on Halloween?  A: He could feel it in his bones!

We took our 3-year-old grand-son, Sawyer, and his parents to a Chinese restaurant. While we enjoyed our wonton soup and other dishes, Sawyer and his dad wanted to eat their...

Q: How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? A: You use a pumpkin patch!

Q: What did the mummy ghost say to the noisy young ghost who kept interrupting? A: "Spook when you're spooken to."

Swap the settings on the TV or their phone so they see everything in Spanish or French instead of English. (Now maybe they can help you with your language homework!)

Q: Why is a cemetery a great place to write a story? A: Because there are so many plots there!

Q: What do female ghosts use to do their makeup? A: Vanishing Cream!

Q: What does a ghost call his mom and dad? A: His transparents.

Kids, make your parents worry about the water quality with this harmless prank. Use a cotton swab to wipe gel food coloring around the rim of the faucet spout, right...

Q. How did the phone propose to his girlfriend on Valentine's Day?  A. He gave her a ring.

Q. What did the little boat say to the yacht? A. Can I interest you in a little row-mance?

Q. Why did the dinosaur cross the road?  A. Because chickens didn't exist yet!

Q. Who helps little pumpkins cross the road on the way to school?  A. The Crossing Gourd!

Skeletons love to binge-watch their favorite shows on the skelevision.

Q: Why did the vampire need mouthwash? A: Because he had bat breath.

Skeleton 1: Why are graveyards so noisy? Skeleton 2: I dunno. Why? Skeleton 1: Because of all the coffin.

Q: Why did the headless horseman go into business? A: He wanted to get ahead in life.

Q: What happened to the skeleton who stayed by the fire for too long?  A: He became bone dry

Q: Why did the ghost go into the bar? A: For the Boos.

Why was the jack-o-lantern afraid to cross the road?  He had no guts.

Q: What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? A: Frostbite

Q: Why are skeletons so good at chopping down trees? A: They're LUMBARjacks!

My five-year-old son is crazy about cars, so I took him to his first car show. He loved seeing all the different models and brands and gushed over the big...

Q: Who was the most famous skeleton detective? A: Sherlock Bones

I wanted to tell a skeleton pun, but I don't have the guts for it.

The favored historical ruler of skeletons is none other than Napoleon Bone-a-part.

Q: How do you make a witch itch? A: Take away the W.

Q: Why do girl ghosts go on diets? A: So they can keep their ghoulish figures.

The skeleton ordered a cabernet wine with a full body because he didn't have one.

Q: How can you tell when a vampire has been in a bakery? A: All the jelly has been sucked out of the jelly doughnuts.

Q: What does the skeleton chef say when he serves you a meal? A: "Bone Appetit!"

Q: Know why skeletons are so calm? A: Because nothing gets under their skin.

Every Sunday, the skeleton plays his organ for the congregation.

Did you hear about the skeleton that dropped out of medical school? He just didn't have the stomach for it.

Q: What do you call a fat pumpkin? A: A plumpkin.

Q: Where does a ghost go on vacation? A: Mali-boo.

There are two skeleton teachers at school. One is humerus, but the other is very sternum.

The skeleton cried his eyes out because he didn't have any body to love.

Q: What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards?  A: a receding hare-line.

Q: What happened to the pirate ship that sank in the sea full of sharks? A: It came back with a skeleton crew!

Q: How do vampires get around on Halloween? A: On blood vessels

Q: Why do demons and ghouls hang out together? A: Because demons are a ghouls best friend!

Q: What kind of monster loves to disco? A: The boogieman.

Q: Why did the Vampire read the New York Times? A: He heard it had great circulation.

The skeleton couldn't keep anything tidy because of his lazy bones.

Q: Why are skeletons so calm? A: Because nothing gets under their skin!

Q: The maker of this product does not want it, the buyer does not use it, and the user does not see it. What is it? A: A coffin.

The skeleton literally didn't mind that everyone called him a bonehead.

Q: Why does a chicken coop have two doors?  A: If it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.

Q: What do you call a monster with no neck? A: The Lost Neck Monster.

The skeleton played a melodic solo riff on his shiny sax-a-bone.

The skeleton canceled the gallery showing of his skull-ptures because his heart wasn't in it.

Q: Why are ghosts so bad at lying? A: Because you can see right through them!

The one instrument that the skeleton can play better than others is the trom-bone.

Forget about Halloween. If you're really eager to frighten the kids, just read them these headlines. "TV ads boost eating of obese children"

When my daughter was little, we took a vacation to Florida. Seated on the airplane near the wing, I pointed out to Rhonda that we were above the ocean. "Can...

The first time my son was on a bike with training wheels, I shouted, "Step back on the pedals and the bike will brake!" He nodded but still rode straight...

Knock! Knock!Who's there?Sam and JanetSam and Janet who?Samenjanet evening.

My five-year-old nephew has always happily answered to BJ. That ended when he came home from his first day of school in a foul mood. It seems his teacher took...

A little boy went to the library to check out a book titled Comprehensive Guide for Mothers. "Is this for your mother?" the librarian asked. "No," said the boy. "So...

All parents are proud of overachieving children, and one father was no exception. The bumper sticker on his car read "My Kid Made Your License Plate."

Every morning, I do a mad dash to drop off my son Tyler at day care so I can get to work on time. My impatience hit home one morning...

When he received a journal as a gift, my eight-year-old son was mystified. "Mom, what am I supposed to do with this? The pages are blank." "You write down interesting...

The 6 a.m. regulars at the dog run are, not surprisingly, a pet-oriented group. Recently John started discussing his trip. "The flight was awful! We were delayed for a few...

Knock! Knock!  Who's there?  Yule log.  Yule log who?  Yule log the door after you let me in, won't you?

While I was making a huge batch of snickerdoodle cookies, I asked my ten-year-old to read the recipe and ingredients off the box to me, doubling them as he went...

Our friend tells everyone that he began losing his hair while serving in Vietnam. His granddaughter incorporated that information into her grade school history report on the war. She wrote,...

Knock! Knock!Who's there..! WevillWevill who?We will we will Rock you.

"Boys just like one thing," my ten-year-old told a friend. Oh, no, the end of her innocence, I thought. Then she announced her finding: "PlayStations."

I love playing Santa at the mall. But parents often have trouble getting young children to sit on my knee. It took a lot of coaxing for one little girl...

"Daddy," said my 11-year-old daughter, "I think I want to join the Army." "Baby," I answered, "I think the Air Force would be a better option for you." "But I...

Last Thanksgiving, my niece came home with her school project: a beautiful autumnal leaf with the words "I am thankful for my mommy" printed on it. Her eyes tearing, my...

Q: Who did Frankenstein's monster bring to prom?  A: His ghoulfriend.

I stole a couple of minutes from work to give my wife a call. She put my two-year-old son on, and we chatted a while before he ended it with...

A few weeks? after the death of my father-in-law, I found my seven-year-old son crying in bed. His grandmother had died the previous year, and he was taking it all...

My husband, a deputy district attorney, was teaching an antidrug class to a group of Cub Scouts. When he asked if anyone could list the gateway drugs, one Scout had...

When my ex-Marine father-in-law was at my house, our six-year-old neighbor came by to play with my kids. I asked her if she knew who he was. She looked up...

My cousin, a teacher, asked her young students, "Why should you never accept candy from strangers?" One girl knew. "Because it might be past the sell-by date."

At a baby shower, everyone was asked to complete nursery rhymes. My 11-year-old daughter Taylor contributed this: "Jack Sprat could eat no fat. His wife could eat no carbs."

Knock! Knock! Who's there?Ketchup.Ketchup who?Ketchup with me, and I'll tell you!

To commemorate his first visit to our library, I gave a six-year-old boy a bookmark. More familiar with electronic gadgets than old-school tools, he had no clue how it worked....

Knock! Knock!Who's there?Ach.Ach who?Bless you!

My mother taught for 11 years at a day-care center. One winter afternoon she was trying to show a young boy how to zip up his coat. "The secret," Mom...

During Sunday school, the substitute teacher asked my four-year-old what his name was. "Spider-Man," said my son. "No, I mean your real name," pressed the teacher. My son apologized. "Oh,...

At our supermarket, I noticed a woman with four boys and a baby. Her patience was wearing thin as the boys called out, "Mommy! Mommy!" while she tried to shop....

My second graders were assigned the task of writing thank-you cards to soldiers serving in the Middle East. One of them wrote, "Thank you for protecting us! I hope we...

I picked up my nine-year-old daughter from school and asked how her day had gone. A few minutes later, I repeated the question, and again a few minutes after that....

I love making clothes for my five-year-old granddaughter. And she, in turn, always seems happy to accept them. The other day, I asked if she would like me to make...

My sister explained to my nephew how his voice would eventually change as he grew up. Tyler was exuberant at the prospect. "Cool!" he said. "I hope I get a...

Knock! Knock!Who's there?Alpaca.Alpaca who?Alpaca the trunk, you pack-a the suitcase.

When my eight-year-old sister came to visit, I took a day off from my job at the Pentagon and showed her the Lincoln Memorial. There she saw a large block...

Knock! Knock! Who's there?Amos.Amos who?A mosquito bit me!

Knock! Knock!BooBoo who?It's me, why are you crying?

As I was treating my daughter and her family to the buffet at a casino, all the bells and whistles for a winning slot machine began to go off. My...

While taking a routine vandalism report at an elementary school, I was interrupted by a little girl about six years old. Looking up and down at my uniform, she asked,...

The commercial for Viagra with the middle-aged men running happily through the streets to the song "We Are the Champions" came on while my husband and ten-year-old son were watching...

I overheard my nine-year-old son on the phone with a friend discussing a computer simulation game. The game involved creating a family, a house for them to live in, and...

As a dentist, I recently tried out a new chocolate-flavored pumice paste on my patients. No one liked it except for a six-year-old boy. While I polished his teeth, he...

My older son loves school, but his younger brother absolutely hates it. One weekend he cried and fretted and tried every excuse not to go back on Monday. Sunday morning...

My son, age 13, was sick in bed with bronchitis, and although he showed some general improvement, his harsh cough persisted and could be heard all over the house. Worried,...

After years of using the same perfumes, I decided to try something different and settled on a light, citrusy fragrance. The next day I was surprised when it was my...

A first-grader came to the ophthalmology office where I work to have his vision checked. He sat down and I turned off the lights. Then I switched on a projector...

I am five feet, three inches tall and pleasingly plump. After I had a minor accident, my mother accompanied me to the emergency room. The triage nurse asked for my...

As a professor at Texas A&M, I taught during the day and did research at night. I would usually take a break around nine, however, calling up the strategy game...

While editing announcements for a newspaper, I came across an item promoting a camp for children with asthma. Aside from all the wonderful activities the kids could enjoy, such as...

My father and I belong to the religion of Sikhism. We both wear the traditional turban and often encounter strange comments and questions. Once, in a restaurant, a child stared...

Preparing my son for his first day of kindergarten, we were reviewing numbers and counting. Suddenly he asked, "What is the biggest number in the world?" As briefly as possible,...

309