Love Jokes

My new girlfriend works at the zoo.  I think she's a keeper.

My boyfriend Hans and I met online. After dating a long time, I introduced him to my uncle, who was fascinated by the fact that we met over the Internet....

Relationships are a lot like algebra.  Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?

Q. What do you call two birds in love? A. Tweet-hearts!

What did one boat say to the other? "Are you up for a little row-mance?"

You are like my asthma. You just take my breath away.

Boy: Do you have a date for Valentine's Day?   Girl: Yes, February 14th.

I suppose it speaks volumes about the state of my marriage when I admit to nodding knowingly at a remark made by a colleague. She was telling me about the...

Love is telling someone to go to hell and worrying about them getting there safely.

What happened when the two vampires went on a blind date?  It was love at first bite.

Wife: Do you want dinner?  Husband: Sure, what are my choices?  Wife: Yes and no.

I like to show my girlfriend who's the boss in our house.  I do this by holding a mirror up to her face.

A man is madly in love with a princess and wants to propose, but an evil witch has cast a spell on him, and now he can say only one...

Driving through Southern California, I stopped at a roadside stand that sold fruit, vegetables and crafts. As I went to pay, I noticed the young woman behind the counter was...

Q: Daddy, why are all those cars beeping their horns?  A: Because there's a wedding going happening.  Q: Don't we been the horn a warning signal, Daddy?  A: Exactly, son.

My name is Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?

How did the telephone propose to its girlfriend?  He gave her a ring.

I told my girlfriend that it looked like she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.  Submitted by Adam Joshua Smargon, Newark, Delaware

A husband and wife had been married for 60 years and had no secrets except for one: The woman kept in her closet a shoe box that she forbade her...

Why should you not marry a tennis player?  Because love means nothing to them.

I met my husband while I was working in a science library. He came in every week to read the latest journals and eventually decided to take out the librarian...

What did the guy with the broken leg say to his nurse? "I've got a crutch on you."

What's the difference between love and marriage?  Love is one long, sweet dream and marriage is the alarm clock.

Knock! Knock!  Who's there?  Olive.  Olive who?  Olive you and I don't care who knows it!

Me: "I love you."  You: "Is that you or the wine talking?"  Me: "It's me talking to the wine."

Author Cindy Chupack coined these useful neologisms to help those dating today. Man-me-downs: Men who are passed on from one woman to another after a failed attempt at romance. Cupidity:...

What did the patient with the broken leg say to their doctor?  Hey doc, I have a crutch on you.

At a restaurant one night, the man at the next table was pulling out all the stops to impress his underwhelmed date. He crowned a lengthy list of lifetime achievements...

You are like dandruff because I just cannot get you out of my head no matter how hard I try.

My husband, a certified public accountant, works 15-hour days for the first few months of the year. In spite of his hectic schedule, he took time out to order me...

Why should you never break up with a goalie?  Because he is a keeper.

Never laugh at your girlfriend's choices.  You're one of them.

My high-school English teacher was well known for being a fair, but hard, grader. One day I received a B minus on a theme paper. In hopes of bettering my...

Why should you never breakup with a goalie?  Because he's a keeper.

Q. What does the ghost call his true love? A. My ghoul-friend.

While volunteering in a soup kitchen, I hit it off with a very attractive single man. It was a relief, since my mother and I always laughed because the men...

What's the difference between love and marriage?  Love is blind. Marriage is an eye-opener.

Q. What did the little boat say to the yacht? A. Can I interest you in a little row-mance?

Q. How did the phone propose to his girlfriend on Valentine's Day?  A. He gave her a ring.

I told my girlfriend she was drawing her eyebrows too high.  She looked surprised.

What do you say to your single friends on Valentine's Day? Happy Independence Day!

What did one boat say to the other?  Are you up for a little row-mance?

Q. Why shouldn't you fall in love with a pastry chef?  A. He'll dessert you.

87