Math Jokes

Teacher: Why are you doing your multiplication on the floor?  Student: You told me not to use tables.

A physicist, a biologist and a mathematician are sitting on a bench, watching people entering and leaving the house on the other side of the street. First they see two...

An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician are staying in a hotel. The engineer wakes up and smells smoke. He goes out into the hallway and sees a fire, so...

Q: How does a mathematician induce good behavior in her children?  A: `I've told you n times, I've told you n+1 times...'

Q: What did one math book say to the other?  A: Don't bother me I've got my own problems!

Q: What do you get if you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter?  A: Pumpkin pi

Q: Why do mathematicians like parks?  A: Because of all the natural logs.

Q: How is an artificial Christmas tree like the fourth root of -68?  A: Neither has real roots.

Q: Why did the two 4's skip lunch?  A: They already 8 (ate)!

Q: What did Al Gore play on his guitar?  A: An Algorithm

Never trust math teachers who use graph paper. They're always plotting something.

Old mathematicians never die; they just lose some of their functions.

Q: How do mathematicians scold their children?  A: "If I've told you n times, I've told you n+1 times..."

Q: Why did the chicken cross the Mobius Strip?  A: To get to the same side.

Q: What do you call friends who love math?  A: algebros

Q: What did the mathematician's parrot say?  A: A poly "no meal"

Q: What do you get if you add two apples and three apples?  A: A middle school math problem!

I put my root beer in a square glass. Now it's just beer.

Why should you not mix alcohol and calculus?  Because you should never drink and derive.

Q: Why should the number 288 never be mentioned?  A: It's two gross.

MATH stands for Mental Abuse To Humans.

Q: What does the zero say to the eight?  A: Nice belt!

The problem with math puns is that calculus jokes are all derivative, trigonometry jokes are too graphic, algebra jokes are usually formulaic, and arithmetic jokes are pretty basic. But I...

Q: Did you hear the one about the statistician?  A: Probably.

Q: What did 2 say to 4 after 2 beat him in a race?  A: 2 Fast 4 U!

Q: What do you call a number that can't keep still?  A: A roamin' numeral.

Q: What did Al Gore play on his guitar?  A: An algorithm!

I don't get the point of decimals.  I'm more partial to fractions.

Did you hear about the statistician who drowned crossing a river?  It was three feet deep, on average.

I knew a mathematician who couldn't afford lunch.  He could binomial.

I just saw my math teacher lock himself in his office with a piece of graph paper.  I think he must be plotting something.

When algebra teachers retire, how do they cope with the aftermath?

Q: Why should you wear glasses during math class?  A: They say it improves division.

Q: Are monsters good at math?  A: No, unless you Count Dracula.

Q: Why should the number 288 never be mentioned?  A: Because it's two gross.

Old mathematicians never die.  They just disintegrate

Q: What did the mermaid wear to math class?  A: An algae-bra.

Q: Why didn't the quarter roll down the hill with the nickel? A: Because it had more cents.

Q: Why was the math book sad? A: Because it had too many problems.

Q: What kind of meals do math teachers eat? A: Square meals!

Q: Teacher: Now class, whatever I ask, I want you to all answer at once. How much is six plus 4? A: Class: At once!

Q: Why didn't the two 4's want any dinner? A: Because they already 8!

Q: What is a math teacher's favorite sum? A: Summer!

Q: What is a butterfly's favorite subject at school? A: Mothematics.

Q: What do you get when you divide the circumference of a Jack-o-lantern by its diameter? A: Pumpkin Pi!

Q: What did zero say to the number eight? A: Nice belt.

Q: Teacher: Why are you doing your multiplication on the floor? A: Student: You told me not to use tables.

95