Money Jokes

Knock! Knock!Who's there?Cash.Cash who?I didn't realize you were some kind of nut!

I saw a sign that said "Watch for children" and I thought, "That sounds like a fair trade".

The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income.

My husband, an attorney, is frequently consulted by clients who, after learning what the cost of legal services will be, decide to do without his aid. Recently the elderly minister...

On a billboard ad for a safe company:"If your stuff is stolen, it's not our vault."

A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."

The teenager lost a contact lens while playing basketball in his driveway. After a brief, fruitless search, he gave up. His mother took up the cause and within minutes found...

That awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is "act natural, you're innocent".

Money isn't everything, but it certainly keeps you in touch with your children.

Never lend money to a friend. It's dangerous. It could damage his memory.

Driving back from Vermont, I stopped at a vegetable stand. It was deserted except for a sleeping German shepherd. I stepped over the dog, helped myself to some corn, then...

From our local TV news station, this undeniably true travel suggestion: "Next up, ten money-saving tips for your trip to Hawaii. Don't go away!"

Because my wife and I are flea market dealers, we usually carry stacks of $1 bills. Not long ago, we had lunch at a restaurant and paid the check with...

I received a letter saying I would not be given the American Express credit card I'd requested because my income wasn't substantial enough. Oddly enough, I work for American Express.

Before my son could start going on job interviews, he needed to dress the part. That, he decided, required a $500 suit. "What!?" I answered, gagging at the price tag....

After cashing a check at the bank, the woman in front of me stood staring at her money. "Did I give you enough back?" asked the teller. "Yes," she said....

I had my credit card stolen the other day but I didn't bother to report it because the thief spends less than my wife.

To publicize colon cancer screenings, an Idaho doctor suggested that a reminder be included in every tax notice. The idea was nixed. "Recommending a colonoscopy in the same envelope as...

If your name is on the building, you're rich; if your name is on your desk, you're middle-class; if your name is on your shirt, you're poor.

Retirement is the time in your life when time is no longer money.

When he blew a wad of money at my blackjack table in the casino, a customer stood up and yelled, "How do you lose $200 at a $2 table?!" Before...

Knock! Knock!Who's there?Robin.Robin who?Robin' you! So hand over your money!

Q: Why was the dead man not living well? A: Because he was dead broke.

To get his mind off his losing streak at the racetrack, I took my friend horseback riding. Being a novice, he freaked when his mount took off. "How do I...

I won $3 million on the lottery this weekend so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.

Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.

I'm currently boycotting any company that sells items I can't afford.

A last-minute filer walked into our state income tax office and handed me his returns. Just as he did, a peal of laughter could be heard in another room. Glaring...

You don't have to marry for money; hang around the rich and marry for love.

You take away the looks, money, intelligence, charm and success and, really, there's no real difference between me and George Clooney.

Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.

During an antiharassment seminar at work, I asked, "What's the difference between harassment and good-natured teasing?" A co-worker shouted, "A million dollars."

A guy in a Kia pulls up next to a Rolls-Royce at a red light and asks, "Hey, is your car Bluetooth enabled?" The Rolls owner nods. "So is mine....

A millionaire, a hard hat, and a drunk are at a bar. When they get their beers, they notice a fly in each mug. The millionaire politely asks the bartender...

To this day, the boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money. On the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches.

I requested identification from a department-store customer who had just written a personal check for her purchase. After fumbling through her purse, she presented me with what she said was...

73