Music Jokes

What do you call a cow that can play a musical instrument? A moo-sician.

What did Jay-Z call his wife before they got married?  Feyonce.

Q: Which musical genre makes balloons terrified? A: Pop.

Q: Why do bagpipe players walk while they play? A: To get away from the noise.

What is Beethoven doing now? De-composing.

What kind of music are balloons afraid of? Pop Music

Q: Why did the burglars decide to rob a music store? A: For the lute.

Which composer likes tea the most? Chai-kovsky.

Q: Why was the math book depressed?  A: Because it had so many problems.

What is the musical part of a snake? The scales.

Q: Why did the hipster throw away his calculus book?  A: He found it too derivative.

What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? A-flat minor.

There are so many jokes about classical composers I could write you a Liszt.

Q: What do you get when you play New Age music backwards? A: New Age music.

What do you call a musician with problems? A trebled man.

Q: What is Beethoven doing now? A: De-composing

A musician told me he was going to hit me with the neck of his guitar. I replied, "Is that a fret?"

Q: What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? A: A-flat minor

Q: What happens if you play a county song backwards? A: Your wife returns to you, your dog comes back to life, and you get out of prison.

Why did the pianist keep banging his head against the keys? He was playing by ear.

How did the turkey win the talent show? With his drum-sticks.

Where did the music teacher leave her keys? In the piano.

A musician friend is always upbeat. But when she developed ringing in one ear, I was concerned it might overwhelm even her. When I asked whether her condition was especially...

Q: How do you fix a broken tuba? A: With a tuba glue.

Q: How do you make a bandstand? A: Take away their chairs.

Q: Why did Mozart get rid of his chickens? A: They kept saying Bach, Bach!

Q: Why couldn't the athlete listen to her music? A: Because she broke the record!

Q: What type of music are balloons scared of? A: Pop music!

Q: What makes music on your head? A: A head band!

Q: What part of the turkey is musical? A: The drumstick!

Q: What is the difference between a fish and a piano? A: You can't tuna fish!

Q: What has forty feet and sings? A: The school choir!

Q: Why did the girl sit on the ladder to sing? A: She wanted to reach the high notes!

Q: What is the musical part of a snake? A: The scales!

Q: Where did the music teacher leave his keys? A: In the piano!

Q: What do you call a cow that can play a musical instrument? A: A moo-sician

Q: What makes pirates such good singers? A: They can hit the high Cs!

75