Pickup Jokes

You remind me of a cloud. When you disappear my day gets brighter.

Do you live on a chicken farm because you sure know how to raise cocks?

How do you seduce a fat woman? Piece of cake.

Man: Hi, I bet i can guess your age by feeling your boobs!! Woman: Really?? Go on then. Man: *FEEL BOOBS FOR 30 SECONDS* My guess is that you were born yesterday.

You look just like my Chinese friend Ug Lee.

I have a PhD, it stands for Pretty Huge Dick.

Man: Do you shower after you have sex? Woman: Yes of course. Man: Well maybe you should have sex more often.

Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.

People call me Dave, but you can call me Tonight!

Great legs what time do they open?

They call me the fireman because I turn on all the hose.

I had a wet dreem about someone who looked just like you last night. I pissed myself laughing when I hit you with a car.

Do you work for Fedex because I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package?

Guy: Hi do you care about the environment? Girl: Yes. Guy: Well maybe we can take showers together to save water.

What has 140 teeth and can hold back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.

If I flip a coin what are the chances of me getting head?

Are u from Ireland because when i look at you my penis is Dublin?

Are you an archaeologist because I have a bone I would like you to inspect.

Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?

Interesting fact, having sex burns 50 calories per minute. Fancy coming back to my place for a workout?

Are you a termite because you look like you would really enjoy a mouth full of wood.

Do you like discounts when you go shopping? Because if you do you should come to my house, clothing is 100% off.

If you were a transformer you would be called Optiumus Fine.

Can I take a photo with you because I want to show Santa what I want for Christmas.

My last girlfriend had to change her name to Sandy because she was so wet all the time.

Me: Do you here what scientists are saying? Her: No what. Me: That there are only going to be 7 planets after I destroy Uranus.

Bonjour Madam, Are you a tower??? Because Eiffel for you!

I wish I could select all of your clothes and press Delete.

You turn my software into hardware.

Did you fall from heaven???? Because your face is pretty messed up!!

Man: Hi wanna dance? Woman: Yeah sure! Man: Ok go and dance, I want to talk to your friend!

Your face would look a lot better between my legs.

God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth.

Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again?

69