Puns

Q. What did one blade of grass say to another about the lack of rain?  A. I guess we'll just have to make dew.

Q: What do you get when two dinosaurs crash their cars?  A: T-Rex

Q. Why was King Arthur's army too tired to fight?  A. It had too many sleepless knights.

Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where all the fruit is?

I asked my French friend if she likes to play video games. She said, "Wii."

Q. Why can't Harry Potter tell the difference between the pot he uses to make potions and his best friend?  A. They're both cauld ron.  (Credit: @hogwartslogic on Twitter)

Want to hear something terrible?  Paper.  See? I told you it was tear-able.

Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.

A lizard walks into a bar pushing a baby in a stroller. "What's your kid's name?" asks the bartender. "Tiny," says the lizard. "Because he's my newt."

I love you from my head tomatoes

The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working, with no explanation. It doesn't make any cents!

Q: Why shouldn't you visit an expensive wig shop? A: It's too high a price 'toupee.'

Q: What do you call an everyday potato?  A: A commentator

Yesterday, a clown held the door open for me. It was such a nice jester!

Q. How much money does a pirate pay for corn?  A. A buccaneer.

Q. What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?  A. A hippo is really heavy, and a Zippo is a little lighter.

Q: What kind of shorts do clouds wear?  A: Thunderwear

Q: What do you call a classy fish?  A: Sofishticated

A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.

Did you hear about the 2 silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie!

Did you hear about the auto body shop that just opened? It comes highly wreck-a-mended.  (Credit: justbadpuns.com)

Q: What did the watermelon say to the cantaloupe?  A: You're one in a melon

Q: What job did the frog have at the hotel?  A: Bellhop

Q: What do you call and owl that does magic tricks?  A: Hoodini

What do you call a thieving alligator? A Crookodile

Q. Why can't you run through a campground?  A. You can only ran, because it's past tents.  (Credit: @punnstagram)

Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, "What's your favorite kind of music?" The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."

I'm only friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y.  (Credit: justbadpuns on tumblr)

Don't interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you'll hear some crosswords.

Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.

Q: What do you call a bear with no teeth?  A: Gummybear

Q: How do you organize a space party?  A: You planet

All these sea monster jokes are just Kraken me up.  (Credit: justbadpuns.com)

Q: What do you call a thieving crocodile?  A: A crookodile

If you were a fruit, you'd be a fine-apple

What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind? A Maybe

Q: What did the volcano say to his wife?  A: I lava you

I'm a big fan of whiteboards. I find them quite re-markable.

What do you call a pig that does karate? Pork chop

Q: How do you put a baby alien to sleep?  A: You rocket

Are you a cheetah?  No, you lion!

Becoming a vegetarian is a big missed steak.

Hal: How did you get hit on the head with a book? Sal: I only have my shelf to blame.

Q: What happened to the guy who sued over his missing luggage? A: He lost his case.

Q: What do you call and alligator in a vest?  A: An investigator

Don't go bacon my heart.  I couldn't if I fried.

Shout out to the people who ask what the opposite of "in" is.  (Credit: justbadpuns.com)

Atoms are untrustworthy little critters. They make up everything!

I was going to make myself a belt made out of watches, but then I realized it would be a waist of time.

Q: What do you call a pig that does karate?  A: Pork chop

Q. What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches?  A. A nervous wreck.

Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea.  (Credit: justbadpuns on tumblr)

Q: What do you call a lazy kangaroo?  A: A pouch potato

Q. Which country's capital has the fastest-growing population?  A. Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.

Someone stole my toilet and the police have nothing to go on.

Q: Why did the banana go to the doctor?  A: It wasn't peeling well

Q. What sound does a sleeping T-Rex make?  A. A dino-snore.

My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments. If only I had known about her history of violins.

Acupuncture is a jab well done.

Becoming a vegetarian is a huge missed steak.

What does C.S. Lewis keep at the back of his wardrobe? Narnia business!

Sticks float. They would.

Q: Did you hear the one about the greedy peanut butter?  A: I'm not telling you. You might spread it.

A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.

Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: "Does this taste funny to you?"

Confucius say, man who runs behind car will get exhausted, but man who runs in front of car will get tired.

Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.

Someone sent ten different puns to friends, with the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh. No pun in ten did.

Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?  A: Spoiled milk.

I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.

I suffer from kleptomania, but when it gets really bad, I take something for it.

Did you hear about the mathematician who was afraid of negative numbers? He'd stop at nothing to avoid them.

RIP boiling water. You will be mist.

I told my mom I was going to make a bike out of spaghetti, you should have seen her face when I rode straight pasta.

I work in a paper factory, where my responsibilities are twofold.

Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.

I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.

Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.

Q. How much room should you give fungi to grow?  A. As mushroom as possible.

What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.

I went to a seafood disco last week...and pulled a mussel.

Q: What do you call a dishonest noodle?  A: An Impasta.

What did the beach say as the tide came in?  Long time, no sea.

I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.

What is Forrest Gump's email password? 1Forrest1

Why did the Zen master refuse novocaine when he had his tooth pulled? He wanted to transcend dental medication.

Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.

Q: How do you get a hipster to eat a hot dog?  A: Put it in a man bun.

What did the librarian say when the books were in a mess? We ought to be ashamed of ourshelves!

Q: Why do hamburgers go to the gym?  A: To get better buns.

Why is peter pan always flying? He neverlands.

Did you hear the news about that Chinese restaurant that got vandalized? It was an act of wonton destruction.

Police in Tampa, Florida, raided and shut down a weekly $4-a-round mah-jongg game played by four elderly women. The Week asked its readers for titles of crime movies that could...

I put all my spare cash into an origami business. It folded.

Q: Why did the tomato blush?  A: Because it saw the salad dressing.

I once ate a watch. It was time consuming.

What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahaha.

Q: Why shouldn't you tell a secret on a farm?  A: Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears.

Q: Why do French people eat snails?  A: Because they won't touch fast food.

Did you hear about the boy who tried to catch fog? He mist.

I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.

A termite walks into a bar and says, "Where is the bar tender?"

Police were called to a daycare center where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.

Last week I called someone a watering hole but I meant well.

Q: Why did the apricot ask a prune to dinner?  A: Because he couldn't find a date.

Acupuncture is a jab well done.

Becoming a vegetarian is a huge missed steak.

What does C.S. Lewis keep at the back of his wardrobe? Narnia business!

Sticks float. They would.

Q: Did you hear the one about the greedy peanut butter?  A: I'm not telling you. You might spread it.

A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.

Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: "Does this taste funny to you?"

Confucius say, man who runs behind car will get exhausted, but man who runs in front of car will get tired.

Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.

Someone sent ten different puns to friends, with the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh. No pun in ten did.

Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?  A: Spoiled milk.

I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.

I suffer from kleptomania, but when it gets really bad, I take something for it.

Did you hear about the mathematician who was afraid of negative numbers? He'd stop at nothing to avoid them.

RIP boiling water. You will be mist.

I told my mom I was going to make a bike out of spaghetti, you should have seen her face when I rode straight pasta.

I work in a paper factory, where my responsibilities are twofold.

Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.

I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.

Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.

Q. How much room should you give fungi to grow?  A. As mushroom as possible.

What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.

I went to a seafood disco last week...and pulled a mussel.

Q: What do you call a dishonest noodle?  A: An Impasta.

What did the beach say as the tide came in?  Long time, no sea.

I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.

What is Forrest Gump's email password? 1Forrest1

Why did the Zen master refuse novocaine when he had his tooth pulled? He wanted to transcend dental medication.

Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.

Q: How do you get a hipster to eat a hot dog?  A: Put it in a man bun.

What did the librarian say when the books were in a mess? We ought to be ashamed of ourshelves!

Q: Why do hamburgers go to the gym?  A: To get better buns.

Why is peter pan always flying? He neverlands.

Did you hear the news about that Chinese restaurant that got vandalized? It was an act of wonton destruction.

Police in Tampa, Florida, raided and shut down a weekly $4-a-round mah-jongg game played by four elderly women. The Week asked its readers for titles of crime movies that could...

I put all my spare cash into an origami business. It folded.

Q: Why did the tomato blush?  A: Because it saw the salad dressing.

I once ate a watch. It was time consuming.

What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahaha.

Q: Why shouldn't you tell a secret on a farm?  A: Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears.

Q: Why do French people eat snails?  A: Because they won't touch fast food.

Did you hear about the boy who tried to catch fog? He mist.

I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.

A termite walks into a bar and says, "Where is the bar tender?"

Police were called to a daycare center where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.

Last week I called someone a watering hole but I meant well.

Q: Why did the apricot ask a prune to dinner?  A: Because he couldn't find a date.

A Military lab has developed a pizza that boasts a shelf life of three years without being frozen, and now the Week has asked its readers to name this durable...

3 Musketeers is a good name for a chocolate bar, but a bad name for an Army division. Shout is a good name for a stain remover, but a better...

Q: What kind of coat is always wet when you put it on?  A: A coat of paint.

Q: Why are frogs so happy?  A: They eat whatever bugs them.

What did one boat say to the other? "Are you up for a little row-mance?"

My doctor took one look at my gut and refused to believe that I work out. So I listed the exercises I do every day: jump to conclusions, climb the...

As we waited for a bus in the frosty weather, the woman next to me mentioned that she makes a lot of mistakes when texting in the cold. I nodded...

Q: Why do mathematicians like parks?  A: Because of all the natural logs.

We need a 12-step group for compulsive talkers. They could call it On Anon Anon.  Paula Poundstone

Q: What did Al Gore play on his guitar?  A: An Algorithm

Q: Where do geeks go for a good time?  A: A wonky-tonk.  Jack Eastham, Cypress, Texas

Old mathematicians never die; they just lose some of their functions.

Did you hear about the weekly poker game with Vasco da Gama, Christopher Columbus, Leif Eriksson and Francisco Pizarro?  They can never seem to beat the Straights of Magellan.

plagiarism.  Submitted by M. R.

My husband was cramming all his chores into one day, but each job revealed another problem. For example, while touching up paint on a wall, he discovered gouges in the...

Did you hear about the vegan devil worshiper?  He sold his soul to seitan.

Why do we tell actors to "break a leg?"  Because every play has a cast.

Q: What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards?  A: a receding hare-line.

I got my hair highlighted because I thought some strands were more important than others.  Comedian Mitch Hedberg

Q: Why should the number 288 never be mentioned?  A: It's two gross.

The problem with math puns is that calculus jokes are all derivative, trigonometry jokes are too graphic, algebra jokes are usually formulaic, and arithmetic jokes are pretty basic. But I...

Why should you never breakup with a goalie?  Because he's a keeper.

Q: Why aren't dogs good dancers?  A: Because they have two left feet!

Q: How do you get down from an elephant?  A: You don't. You get down from a goose.

Q: Why do cows have bells?  A: Because their horns don't work.

The satisfactory.

Q: What do you call a number that can't keep still?  A: A roamin' numeral.

Q: With pointed fangs I sit and wait; with piercing force I crunch out fate; grabbing victims, proclaiming might; physically joining with a single bite. What am I? A: A...

Q: What's brown and sticky?  A: A stick.

A lion comes across two men, one reading and the other writing. The beast pounces on and devours the reader but ignores the writer. Why? Because, as everyone knows, a...

Q: Why does a chicken coop have two doors?  A: If it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.

I was out in the garden with my stepladder today. Not my real ladder. No, I don't get along with my real ladder.

Q: Why are football stadiums so cool?  A: Because every seat has a fan in it!

There was a man who entered a pun contest. He sent in ten different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately, no pun...

Why were all the ink spots crying?  Their father was in the pen.

The Yoko Club? Oh no. The German Philosophy Club? I Kant. The Compulsive-Rhymers Club? Okey-dokey. The Codependence Club? Can I bring a friend? The Procrastinators Club? Maybe next week. From...

Q: What is a lion's favorite Christmas carol?  A: Jungle Bells.

My first day on the job at an IKEA store, I was told by my boss that employees needed to go to the meeting room before every shift. I asked...

A dull-witted king is losing a territorial dispute with a neighboring monarch. As the fight wears on, he gets more and more frustrated until finally he roars, "Where are my...

Q: Why is the number six afraid of seven?  A: Because seven ate nine!

Q: What do you get when you combine a Christmas tree with an iPad?  A: A pineapple.

Q: What did the reindeer say before telling his joke?  A: This one'll sleigh you!

One of the less difficult blanks to fill in on our job-agency application is "Position Wanted." One job seeker wrote "Sitting."

Knock! Knock!  Who's there?  Yule log.  Yule log who?  Yule log the door after you let me in, won't you?

There are over a million words in the English language, but we can always use more. Here are some that wordsmiths contributed to the Merriam-Webster Open Dictionary website: Epiphunny (noun):...

The insurance industry loves its acronyms. The first time I saw the term proof of ownership was in a client's file that read "Insured has POO on damaged items."

"You need to be careful when writing comments," our principal told the faculty. He held a report card for a Susan Crabbe. A colleague had written, "Susan is beginning to...

Some people have a knack for remembering faces. Others, according to this e-mail I received at work, go them one better: "The only designated smoking area at Building One is...

Q: How many seconds are there in one year? A: 12 of them: January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd, May 2nd, June 2nd, July 2nd, August 2nd, September...

I was watching a marathon and saw one runner dressed as a chicken and another as an egg.  I thought, Now, this could be interesting.

Q: Which is faster, heat or cold?  A: Heat, because you can catch cold!

Two cannibals are eating a clown. One cannibal turns to the other and asks, "This taste funny to you?"

Knock! Knock!  Who's there?  Convex.  Convex who?  Convex go to prison!

I posed this question to my thoughtful father: "If you could have any superpower in the world, what would it be?"  He replied, "Russia."

Canada wants us to remember that it, too, is part of North America. So The Week asked its readers to come up with an eye-catching slogan for our neighbor to...

Why do bicycles fall over?  Because they are two-tired.

Q: Who did Frankenstein's monster bring to prom?  A: His ghoulfriend.

How do you keep a bagel from getting away?  Put lox on it.

Did you hear about the weekly poker game with Vasco da Gama, Christopher Columbus, Leif Eriksson, and Francisco Pizarro?  They can never seem to beat the Straights of Magellan.

As soon as the hospital made me put on one of those little gowns, I knew the end was in sight.  Adam Joshua Smargon, Newark, Delaware

Q: Who delivers Christmas presents to good little sharks when they're sleeping?  A: Santa Jaws!

How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?  Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers.

Clones are people two.

Q: Why are Comet, Cupid, Donner, and Blitzen always wet?  A: Because they are rain deer.

What did one eye say to the other?  "Don't look now, but something between us smells."

If you are always straightening things, you have OCD. If you are always eating things, you have OBCD.

Q: Why does Santa have three garden plots up at the North Pole?  A: That way he can hoe, hoe, hoe!

Why can't a woman ask her brother for help?  Because he can't be a brother and assist her too.

How does Moses make tea?  He brews.

Algebra teacher: "What is seven Q plus three Q?"  Student: "Ten Q."  Teacher: "You're welcome."

The human cannonball tells the circus owner he is going to retire.  "But you can't!" protests the boss. "Where am I going to find another man of your caliber?

Since my purchases came to $19.06, I handed the cashier a twenty. "Do you have six cents?" she asked. "Sorry," I said after fishing around my pockets, "I have no...

My house is haunted by a ghostwriter. Last night, I came home and my autobiography had been written.

What did the bald man exclaim when he received a comb for a present? Gee, I'll never part with it!

Most people would be angry if their company was bought and the new owners replaced them with their own people. Not our neighbor Andy. "You know how it goes," he...

Rev up your engines and tell the crabgrass to look out. The 12th annual Mow Down, Show Down Lawn Mower Championship was held in Avon Park, Florida, bringing out the...

What do you call a Far Eastern monk who sells reincarnations? A used karma dealer.

A Harley rider eating in a restaurant is checking out a gorgeous redhead. Suddenly she sneezes and her glass eye comes flying out of its socket. The biker reaches up,...

Carrying two dead raccoons, a buzzard tries to check in at LAX for the red-eye to New York. "Sorry, sir," says the ticket agent. "We allow only one item of...

We disbar lawyers and we defrock clergy, so why don't we:  Delight electricians?  Derange cowboys?  Depose models?  Debark tree surgeons?  Depress dry cleaners?

Hoss drove over to the next county to buy a new bull for the farm. It cost more than expected, and he was left with only one dollar. This was...

My son, Scott, an insurance broker in Florida, loves ocean fishing and takes his cell phone along on the boat. One morning we were drifting about ten miles offshore as...

469