Racist Jokes

What do you do if your TV starts floating in the middle of the night?  Tell the black man to put the TV down and threaten to call the police.

Q. What do Nike and the KKK have in common? A. They both make black guys run faster.

What do you call a Chinese Billionaire?  Cha Ching !

Q. How did the Nazis measure the performance of gas chambers? A. KilaJews Per Second.

What do you call a disabled Asian? Sum Ting Wong

If Steve has $20 and Tyrone takes $16, what color is Tyrone?

Whats white on top and black underneath? Society. Whats Black on top and white underneath? Rape.

Q. What do you call a Chinese prostitute? A. Suk Mi Dong

Q: Why do Jews like watching dirty movies backwards? A: Because they like the part were prostitute gives the money back!

Q. What does a bike and a black man have in common? A. They both need chains to work.

Whats faster than a black guy with your TV. His brother with your iPhone.

Recent reports have indicated that the Facebook ALS Ice Bucket Challenge has been a great success in the UK. Apparently over 10,000 pakis have now had a bath.

How do you know that Noah was white? No black guy could go 40 days on a boat without eating chicken.

Q: What is the difference between a Jew and boy scout. A: The boy scout comes back from camp.

Q. Why do Jews get circumcised? A. Because they love to have 10% off.

My wife told me to get our ginger son ready for his first day at school. So I punched him in the face and stole his dinner money.

Just found out today that my best friend is Chinese. I always thought he was just tired.

Just found out that if you squint your eyes really hard you can actually make your nose bleed. I did it earlier today on the train and a Chinese person came up to me and punched me in the face.

Q: What do you say to a black man in a three piece suit? A: The defendant may now rise.

Q. Why are most pills white? A. Because they work.

Just got sacked from my new job as a bus driver. Apparently black people are allowed to use the bus now.

What do you call a good looking Pakistani? Asif.

A Saudi prince recently requested that naked statues be covered up while visiting Rome. Apparently his 9 year old wife found them offensive.

Went to a Muslim birthday party the other day. It was great fun, we blew up a bouncy castle and then had a really intense game of pass the parcel.

Why are French history books blank? Because history is written by the winners.

What do you call a Chinese man who likes to eat soup with chopsticks?  Yuan Dum Fuk

Q. What do you call a flying Jew? A. Smoke

Q. What do you call a Chinese person with a video camera? A. Phil Ming

What do you call a Chinese sex offender?  Fu Kum Yung

Q. How many black people does it take to start a riot? A. -1

What do you call black people laying on the beach? An oil spill.

Q. Why did the Jewish man who walked into Starbucks and get hired straight away? A. Because Hebrews great coffee.

Did you hear about the Jew who had attention deficit disorder. He got put into a concentration camp.

Yo mama is so black that when she went to night school she kept being marked as absent.

I hired a German plumber the other day to fix my shower. He accidentally connected the gas supply to the water supply. I guess old habits die hard.

Q. What do call a black guy in a suit?  A: The defendant.

Q. What do you call a black man who smiles a lot? A. Snigger

Mexicans have been complaining recently about Trumps wall, they really need to get over it.

Really love my 19th century gold pocket watch. My Jewish grandfather sold it to me on his deathbed.

What do black men do after sex? About 15 years to life.

The following took place in a primary school.  Teacher: Ok class put your hand up if you know anything about police officers??? *Students raise their their hands* Teacher: You only have to put one hand up Tyrone.

What is white and covers the streets first thing in the morning? Employed people.

Q. What do you call a gay Jew? A. A Heblew

Q.Why do Indian women have a red dot on their forehead? A. It helps with aiming.

People call me racist but I love black people. I think everyone should have one.

What do you call 2 mexicans playing basketball together? Juan on Juan.

I was gonna make a joke about black people but none of them work.

Had a beard growing competition over the weekend with one of my Indian friends from work. She won.

Q: How do you pick up a Jewish girl? A: With a dustpan

When God created the world he made everyone different but he became tired when he got to the Chinese.

Q. What do u call a Chinese dwarf? A. Tai Nee

Q. What do you call a black hitch-hiker? A. Stranded.

### For Sale ### French WW2 Rifle Never been fired Dropped once.

How many Africans does it take to screw in a light-bulb? Six: one to screw it in and five to dance for no reason.

Q. What did God say when he made the first blacks? A. Oops! Burnt another one!

Why is a good glass of milk like a good women? Because the best ones are white and 2% fat.

What do you call a fat Chinese prostitute? A Chun Ki Ho

Q. Why do the French love to eat snails? A. Because they hate fast food.

How do you kill a hundred flies in one hit? Hit a African child with a shovel!

The following conversion took place in a Polish church. Polish Man: I want to divorce my wife. Priest: Why my son? Polish Man: I think she is trying to kill me. Priest: What makes you say this? Polish Man: I found polish remover in the medicine cabinet.

You know what they say. Once you go black you become a single mother

Q. What do you call an Arabic thief who steals garden tools? A. Amin Yashed

New footage has emerged from the Cincinnati Zoo showing Harambe the silver-back gorilla looking after the small boy who fell into his enclosure. In recognition of this Harambe has now been posthumously awarded African American Father Of The Year 2016.

Question: What do you call a Muslim man, with a backpack, on a bus? Answer: A normal everyday passenger, you racist.

Q. How do you start a rave in Africa? A. Glue toast to the ceiling.

I used to think that the bible was true until I read the story about a Jew giving away free fish and bread.

Q. How do Hindus connect the dots? A. They butt heads!

Why are the Chinese not allowed to play cricket? Because they eat all the bats.

I have a real habit of acting out the names of any towns that I visit. For example, when I went to Poole, I went swimming. When I went to Rugby, I played Rugby. When I went to Bath, I took a bath. Anyway, to cut a long story short, I need bailing out of Blackburn police station.

Lewis Hamilton recently won the British Grand Prix. Last time a black guy drove that fast he was being shot at.

What has two wings and a halo? A Chinese telephone.

Why are black people taller that white people? Because their KNEE GROWS.

How do you make an Indian angry? Press the red button in the middle of their forehead.

Q. If Hitler married a black women what would his kid be called? A. Shitler

6 was afraid of 7 cuz 7 8 9, but why was 10 afraid? Cuz he was in the middle of 9/11

Q:How many transexuals does it take to screw in a lightbulb. A: None! Transexuals screw in truck stops.

What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe??? Roberto

Last night I was gonna surprise my Korean Wife with a romantic meal but someone let the cat out of the bag.

Me: You have nice eyes Yi Qing Wong: Thanks Me: Its a shame i cant see them

Did you hear about the Indian wife beater? He punches his wife every day at 7pm on the dot.

Confucius Say: Naked man who walk through door sideways going to Bangcock.

What is the object of Jewish football? To get the quarter back.

Q. What do you call a muscular Arab Price? A. Protein Sheikh

Q. What do you call an Indian who cares about his health? A. Soshul Distan Singh.

What do you call an Indian with a dot on his head? A push start. What do you call an Indian with a turban on his head? A pull start.

Q. Why do Mexico always fail during the Olympic pole vault contest? A. The best jumpers have all moved to the USA.

Q. Why is chess racist? A. Because the white chess pieces always go first.

175