Santa Jokes

Q. What's red and white and falls down chimneys?  A. Santa Klutz!

Q: What kind of bike does Santa Claus ride?  A: A Holly Davidson.

Q: When Santa is on the beach what do the elves call him?  A: Sandy Claus

Q: Why does Santa have 3 gardens?  A: So he can ho-ho-ho.

Q. Why do Dasher and Dancer love coffee?  A. Because they're Santa's star bucks!

Q: What do you get if you cross Father Christmas with a detective?  A: Santa Clues!

Christmas: The time when everyone gets Santamental.

Q: How do you know Santa Claus is good at karate?  A: He has a black belt!

Q: Why does Santa have elves in his workshop?  A: Because the Seven Dwarfs were busy!

Did you hear that Santa knows karate?  He has a black belt.

Q: What nationality is Santa Claus?  A: North Polish

Q: How much did Santa pay for his sleigh?  A: Nothing, it was on the house!

Q: What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus?  A: Claustrophobic.

Q: What is Santa Claus' laundry detergent of choice?  A: Yule-Tide.

Q: What do you say to Santa when he's taking attendance at school?  A: Present.

Q: What do you call a bankrupt Santa? A: Saint Nickel-less.

Q. Which of Santa's reindeer has the worst manners?  A. RUDE-olph, of course!

Q: Why does Santa go down the chimney?  A: Because it soots him!

Q. What's Santa Claus's favorite track & field event?  A. North Pole-vaulting!

Q: Why did Santa get a parking ticket last Christmas Eve?  A: He was making a special delivery and left his sleigh in a snow parking zone.

Q: Why did Santa bring 22 reindeer to Walmart?  A: Because what he wanted to buy cost around 20 bucks, but just in case it was more, he brought some extra doe.

Q: What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa Claus when she looked up in the sky?  A: Looks like rain, dear!

Q. What's St. Nicholas's favorite measurement in the metric system?  A. The Santameter!  By Briana, age 7

Q: Who is Santa's favorite singer?  A: Elf-is Presley.

Q: What do you call a kid who doesn't believe in Santa?  A: A rebel without a Claus.

Q: How can Santa deliver presents during a thunderstorm?  A: His sleigh is flown by raindeer

Q: What do you get if Santa goes down the chimney when a fire is lit?  A: Crisp Kringle.

Q. What's Santa Claus's favorite type of potato chip?  A. Crisp Pringles!

Q: Why did Santa put a clock in his sleigh?  A: Because he wanted to see time fly!

Q: What do the elves call it when Father Christmas claps his hands at the end of a play?  A: Santapplause!

Q: How does Santa keep his bathroom tiles immaculate?  A: He uses Comet.

63