Surreal Jokes

My clever friend said that onions are the only food that can make you cry. So I threw a coconut in his face.

A recent scientific study has found pregnant women who use vibrators are 90% more likely to have a child who stutters.

Fun idea. If you have no kids hire a babysitter anyway and tell them the kids are asleep upstairs and not to be disturbed. When you come home ask them why the kids are missing.

Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.

A recent scientific study showed that out of 2,293,618,367 people, 94% are too lazy to actually read that number.

Just discovered I have superpowers. I can actually melt ice cubes by staring at them. It takes me quite a long time though.

People are really strange. When you scream in a library they tell you to shut up but when you do it on an airplane everyone joins in.

Got attacked by a group of mime artists last night. They did unspeakable acts to me.

Got thrown out of my local swimming pool today for urinating. I probably could have got away with it if I was in the pool and not on the diving board.

Feeling quite angry, just lost to my computer at Chess but it was no match for me at kickboxing.

Why is there a light in the fridge and not in the freezer?

Had a strange dream last night where I ate a gigantic marshmallow. When i woke up my pillow was missing.

Had a really great night out last night according to my police report.

With great power comes great electricity bill.

I used to think drink driving was bad but apparently my local liquor store told me that they only sell alcohol to people with driving licences.

Someone close to me died the other day. Luckily there was another space available on the bus so I moved seats.

Fun fact. If humans held hands around the equator of the earth most of them would drown.

My granddad died peacefully in his sleep last night. Unfortunately the passengers on his bus all died screaming.

I was in the park the other day wondering why radio controlled air-planes get bigger the closer they get, and then it hit me.

Woman with breast implants = Cheap and fake Woman with breast implants that has a squeaky toy inside = Genius

Just started reading a book about anti-gravity. Its impossible to put down.

If you see a toilet in your dreams never use it.

Psychic wanted: $200,000 per year offered including company car. Please email your CV to the address which appears in your crystal ball.

In my previous job I used to take a lot of notes. I got fired after they started checking the cash register.

Heard on the radio today that someone in the world crashes their car every 30 seconds. Maybe they should take away his licence.

Q. What has no arms, no legs, and screws retards? A. The lottery.

Just invented an invisibility cloak. Everything you cover becomes invisible. Unfortunately you can still see the cloak itself so further work is needed.

A cement mixer collided with a prison van on the M25. Motorists have been asked to be on the lookout for 15 hardened criminals.

Q:How many transexuals does it take to screw in a lightbulb. A: None! Transexuals screw in truck stops.

Took my grandma to a fish spa therapy center where the fish eat dead skin for only $45. It was so much cheaper than getting her buried in the cemetery.

#People #Who #Write #Messages #Like #This #Are #Really #F*cking #Annoying #, #Please #Stop #! #!

How come everyone loves it when when a magician makes stuff disappear but when an airline pilot does it everyone freaks out?

I saw a sign today day telling please keep off the grass. I wonder how it got there?

Had a really intense acid trip the other day. For 2 hours all I could see were beams of white light and all I could hear were car horns and people shouting.

Me and my wife tried to adopt a baby last week but unfortunately the supermarket security guards saw us on CCTV and we were arrested.

71