Thanksgiving Jokes

Q: What did the mother turkey say to her disobedient children?  A: If your father could see you now, he'd turn over in his gravy

Q: What key won't open any door? A: A turkey!

Q: What do Thanksgiving and Halloween have in common?  A: One has gobblers, the other goblins.

Q: What did the turkey say before it was roasted?  A: Boy! I'm stuffed!

Q: Why did the police arrest the turkey? A: They suspected fowl play.

Q: What happened when the turkey got into a fight? A: He got the stuffing knocked out of him!

Q: Why do turkeys lay eggs? A: Because if they dropped them, they would break.

Q: Why do turkeys always go, "gobble, gobble"?  A: Because they never learned good table manners!

Q: If you call a large turkey a gobbler what do you call a small one? A: Goblet.

A woman in her seventies, cooking Thanksgiving dinner for the first time, called Butterball for help because her mother said she was tired of cooking and it was time her...

Q: What's the best way to stuff a turkey?  A: Serve him lots of pizza and ice cream!

Q: What would you get if you crossed a turkey with an ghost? A: A poultrygeist!

Q: Fruit comes from a fruit tree, so where does turkey come from? A: A poul-tree.

Q: What did the turkey say to the computer?  A: Google, google, google!

I worked on a toll road, answering the phone, collecting money and issuing toll tickets. One Thanksgiving Day, a woman called to ask about road conditions on the turnpike. After...

Q: Why did the turkey cross the road twice? A: To prove he wasn't a chicken!

Q: What is a pumpkin's favorite sport?  A: Squash

Q: Why should you never set the turkey next to the dessert? A: Because he will gobble, gobble it up!

Our eldest daughter, Ann, invited her college roommate to join our large family for Thanksgiving dinner. As families sometimes do, we got into a lively argument over a trivial subject...

Q: When do you serve tofu turkey?  A: Pranksgiving.

Q: How are a turkey, a donkey, and a monkey alike? A: They all have keys.

After Thanksgiving dinner, the adults gathered in the living room to exchange reminiscences, while the children went into the family room to play. Suddenly our hostess noticed that an elderly...

Q: What do you call the age of a pilgrim?  A: Pilgrimage.

Q: What sound does a limping turkey make? A: Wobble, wobble!

Q: What smells the best at a Thanksgiving dinner?  A: Your nose.

Q: What do you call a holiday dinner without the parents?  A: Friendsgiving.

Q: What do you call a running turkey?  A: Fast food.

Q: What is it called when a turkey fumbles in football? A: A fowl play

Asked to write a composition entitled, "What I'm thankful for on Thanksgiving,"  Little Johnny wrote, "I am thankful that I'm not a turkey."

Q. What did sick people do on the Mayflower?  A. They went to the dock!

Q: What sound does a turkey's phone make?  A: Wing! Wing!

Q: What do you call it when it rains turkeys? A: Fowl weather!

Knock Knock.  Who There?  Thanksgiving!  Thanksgiving for what?  Thanks giving us this turkey.

A proud gentleman called to tell the Butterball staff how he wrapped his turkey in a towel and stomped on it several times, breaking the bones so it would fit...

Q: What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?  A: Pumpkin pi.

Q: What key has legs and can't open doors?  A: A Turkey.

Q: Which side of the turkey has the most feathers? A: The outside!

Q: Why did the turkey cross the road?  A: It was the chicken's day off!

Q: What do you call a pilgrims vocabulary?  A: Pilgrammar.

Q. If pilgrims traveled on the Mayflower, what do college students travel on?  A. Scholar ships.

Q: What kind of face does a pilgrim make when he's in pain?  A: Pil-grimace.

Q: What was the turkey suspected of?  A: Fowl play.

Q: What do you wear to Thanksgiving dinner?  A: A Har-VEST.

Q: Who is not hungry at Thanksgiving? A: The turkey because he's already stuffed!

Q: Why did the turkey refuse dessert?  A: He was stuffed.

Q: Why does a pilgrim's pants always fall down?  A: Because they wear their belt buckle on their hat.

Q: What kind of weather does a turkey like?  A: Fowl weather!

Q: What's the best dance to do on Thanksgiving? A: The turkey trot.

Q: What's the best dance to do on Thanksgiving?  A: The turkey trot

Q: What do turkeys like to do on sunny days? A: Have peck-nics!

Q: Why did pilgrims' pants always fall down? A: Because they wore their belt buckle on their hat!

Q: How did they send the turkey through the mail? A: Bird class!

Q: What happened when the turkey got into a fight? A: He got the stuffing knocked out of him!

Q: Who isn't hungry on Thanksgiving? A: The turkey, because he's already stuffed!

Q: Who was the drummer in the Thanksgiving band? A: The turkey, because he had the drumsticks!

Q: What type of key is not good for opening doors? A: A Tur-key!

Q: What kind of car did the Pilgrim drive? A: A Plymouth

Q: Why should you never set the turkey next to the desert? A: Because he will gobble, gobble it up!

Q: Why do students always do so poorly after Thanksgiving? A: Because everything gets marked down after the holidays!

Q: What always comes at the end of Thanksgiving? A: The G

121