University Jokes

Even if you haven’t been to university, you aren’t stupid. Albert Einstein was the first person to climb Mount Everest without going to university.

In university, my psych professor asked if we had heard of Pavlov. My reply was, “it rings a bell”. No one laughed, I’m too witty for this class.

Once upon a time a vampire graduated from university. His fellow monsters and family Con-dracula-ted him.

A university student placed an inter-library loan request for your Mom. Unfortunately, the file was too large to be delivered.

Liberty University’s Jerry Falwell Jr is leaving… he says he wants to spend more time with his family.

After collecting tuition, room, and board, my university just cancelled classes. The bookstore informed me that my textbook edition had already expired

As a direct announcement from The University of Dad Comedy, all dads will be using inside jokes from now on.

Trump didn’t do too well with Trump University. He is also not looking good in the Electoral College.

An engineering student failed his final exams because he forgot the design of an electricity-producing barrier at dams. It seems he has lost his dam-mind.

Finally, my dream is coming true. Among the many people who applied for Harvard University, they selected me to be the janitor.

What a damn. I just found out after I got my Bachelor degree at the University of Barad-dûr. I went back and got my Masters there. I’m found to be a second-degree Mordor.

A mugger jumps out in front of a university student and yells “your money or your life!”. The student continues to walk, and says, “Sorry, I’m a Computer Science student. I don’t have either.”.

In the university, a man studies archeology during the day and dreams of finding a girlfriend at night. Despite his best efforts, he could never master the art of dating. In the end, his professors had to fail him.

In a university class taught by a cannibal, what would you call it? A Hannibal Lecture.

Is there any difference between a nightclub bouncer and a student at the University of Derby? The University of Derby will let you in if you have a few E’s.

On my first day at university, I was invited to a party. Do you know what a party is? The Communist Party.

At this time, what is the most expensive video-streaming service? University.

The neurologist went to an African animal university for what reason? He wanted to study the hippocampus.

Why doesn’t the sun attend university? Because it has 5 thousand degrees.

What is the best way to sleep the night before an exam? I sleep next to my notes, sincerely hoping they transfer into my brain by osmosis.

Student: I think I did not deserve a zero on my final exam. That seems unfair to me. Professor: I completely agree with you. However, that is the lowest grade I can give you.

Student 1: Great news, we have an exam today, whether it rains or shines. Student 2: So? So what’s so great about that? Student: Look outside, it is snowing, score!

Father: Oh no, what happened to you? How is it that you got such a poor score on your exam? Son: Simple absence. Father: You were absent on exam day? Son: I wasn’t, but the girl who sits next to me was.

Professor: Write an essay. Topic is “If I were a millionaire.” Everybody starts writing except for John. Professor: Why aren’t you writing, John? John: It’s simple. I am waiting for my secretary.

Son: I’m unsure about my college studies, Dad. The father laughed. Father: “You are in a major problem then, dear son!’

What do fish study in college? Algae brah.
 
If it ends up on your wall, you’re probably retarded. What do you call college roommates who cannot afford to pay electric bills?
 
What do you call a Marine who went to college? Lost.
 
Take notes. What do you call hiking college students in the United States?
 
What does a college cannibal eat? Raw-men noodles.
 
“Yeah, that’s dis-course.” What did the student say after graduation?
 
What do college students travel on if pilgrims travel on the Mayflower? Scholar ships.
 
She got so furious when one of the students got up and asked “How do you make it last an hour?” What inspired the drug dealer to attend college?
 
Why pushed the dog to go to college? To get its pedigree.
 
Fortunately, the authorities were able to safely return both textbooks to the library. How do you get into college?
 
What did the Ox say when his son departed for college? Bison.
 
A visitor. What is the difference between college and kidnapping?
 
Why should you choose classes taught by heterosexual Canadians when registering for college? They always give straight “eh”s.
 
What do you call a college student dating a midget? He was nuts over her.
 
On the Hippocampus. Why did the circle skip college?
 
Why do so many nurses attend college at the North Pole? It’s where the Icy U is.
 
Because they already have enough smart asses. What do you call two roommates in college cleaning each other’s room?
 
How do you decide whether to join the Bard’s College or the Thieves Guild? You just have to weigh the pros and the cons.
 
Because you just need the high Cs. What was Spider Man’s major in college?
 
Why did the slave go to college? To get his master’s degree.
 
A very kind Jester. What do you do when a dishonest college graduate writes ‘PhD’ on his transcript?
 
Where do college-age vampires shop? Forever 21.
 
Now they can crunch numbers and numb crunchers. What is college feminism?
 
What do you call someone working in a pizza shop through college so they could afford to eat something other than ramen? They are kneading the dough.
 
Bringham Young University. What do you call a vegetable in college?
 
How are June bugs like College Dropouts? They sleep all day, they party at night, and after a month, you don’t see them anymore.
 
A major. Why did one fail in college’s calculus exam?
 
When Chuck Norris left for college, what did he tell his father? “You’re the man of the house now.”
 
With magma cum laude. What’s the best thing about college?
 
Why did the student switch his college major from gynaecology to veterinary medicine? After all, a hand on a bird is worth two in a bush.
 
Camel can go daaaays without drinking. What do cows study in college?
 
What can you say about someone who doesn’t know what degree to choose in college? Well, they have a major problem!
 
AcCOUNTing. What do you call someone who got college degrees in Geology and Astronomy?
 
What do you call a person who pretends to be a college student? A college athlete.
 
Because knowledge is powder. Why not put a post office close to a liberal arts university?
 
Where did Jesus go to college? Bless U.
 
Too sketchy for them. They said that something drew them away from it What do you call the corn that graduated from college?
 
What do you call a homeless college student? A philosophy major.
 
Arkeology. Why did the communist friend fail college?
 
What’s a test tube with a college degree called? A graduated cylinder.
 
UNH. What do you call an IT teacher that touches his students?
 
Why was Jimmy so excited to go to Clown College? He got a fool scholarship.
 
“Why not!? I’m a fungi!” What’s the difference between a shooting range and an American college?
 
Why was the college kid rejected from every fraternity? Because he was circumcised. Apparently, you need to be a complete dick.
 
Naval Academy. Why did the sun not attend college?
 
How many college students does it take to screw in a light bulb? One after a few YouTube tutorials

How do you know that you have been in college too long? Your parents are running out of money!

Why did the sun skip college? It already has a million degrees.

What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bi-son.

If pilgrims traveled on the Mayflower, what do college students travel on? Scholar-ships.

College student: Hey, Dad — I’ve got some great news for you! Father: What, son? College student: Remember that $500 you promised me if I made the Dean’s list? Father: I certainly do. College student: Well, you get to keep it!

Professor: Why do pimples make horrible prisoners? Because they keep breaking out!

A new student at Harvard stopped an upperclassman and asked, “Where’s the library at?” The upperclassman said, “Never end a sentence with a preposition. Cops do it on TV, but it isn’t proper, so to speak.” The new student said, “Pardon me. Where’s the library at, MORON?”

A history professor and a psychology professor were sitting outside at a nudist colony. The history professor asked: “Have you read Marx?” The psychology professor replied: “Yes. I think it’s from the wicker chairs.”

What do you call hiking U.S. college students? The walking debt.

My local college has a program that lets students earn their tuition by working in the on-campus bakery. The opportunity isn’t open to everyone. It’s run on a strictly knead-to-know basis.

I think college athletes should get paid to play sports. Except Tennessee. They’re Volunteers.

When I told my family I graduated from clown college… They all laughed at me.

Employer: Forget everything you learned in college. You won’t need it working here. Potential employee: I never went to college. Employer: Oh, sorry. Unfortunately, you’re not qualified to work here.

Two high school graduates are discussing their future college plans. The first says, “I’m planning on going into farming. It’s what my father did and it makes good money.” The second asks, “What type of farming? Wheat, corn, livestock?” “I don’t know, man; there are so many fields to choose from,” the third responds.

A buddy of mine went to college, majored in veterinary medicine, and minored in taxidermy. “Either way you’re getting your dog back,” he says.

What is a Gen Z’ers favorite college? Juuliard.

What do you call a test tube with a college degree? A graduated cylinder.

My wife was disappointed to find out the real reason why my nickname in college was “The Love Machine.” It’s because I sucked at tennis.

In college, I was so broke I couldn’t pay the electricity bill. Those were the darkest days of my life.

My old girlfriend wanted me to do her college algebra homework for her. But frankly, I didn’t want to solve for ex.

A college professor was very worried about his recent study on earthquakes. It turns out his findings were on shaky ground.

My dad told me that colleges are cracking down on ghost-written essays? I asked, “What about mummy-written essays?”

Why did the music note drop out of college? Because it couldn’t pick a major.

What did Chuck Norris tell his father when he left for college? “You’re the man of the house now.”

The dean of a college told the auditorium, “The female dormitory will be out-of-bounds for all male students, so too the male dormitory to female students. Anybody caught breaking this rule will be fined $20 the first time. Anybody caught breaking this rule the second time will be fined $60. Being caught a third time will incur a hefty fine of $180. Are there any questions?” At this, a student in the crowd raised their hand and asked, “Er… how much for a season pass?”

How many graduate students does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but it may take them more than five years to do it.

An applicant was being interviewed for admission to a prominent medical school. “Tell me,” inquired the interviewer, “where do you expect to be ten years from now?” “Well, let’s see,” replied the student. “It’s Wednesday afternoon. I guess I’ll be on the golf course by now.”

All the fraternity brothers left the house for a long weekend except for Grady, who decided to stay behind and get some studying done. One night Grady heard a noise under his bed. Fearing it might be a burglar, he leaned over and whispered, “Anybody there?” “No,” said the burglar. “That’s funny,” the boy said to himself. “I could have sworn I heard a noise!”

A college student in a philosophy class was taking his first examination. On the paper, there was a single line that simply said, “Is this a question? — Discuss.” After a short time, he wrote, “If that is a question, then this is an answer.” The student received an “A” on the exam.

One day a college professor, after getting irritated in his college class, stands up in front of the class and asks if anyone in the class is an idiot and, if there is one, then they should stand up. After a minute, a young man stands up. The professor then asks that guy if he actually thinks he is an idiot. The boy replied, “No, I just didn’t want to see you standing there all by yourself.”

What is the definition of an optimist? A college student who opens his wallet and expects to find money.

A linguistics professor was lecturing to his English class one day. “In English, a double negative forms a positive,” he said. “In some languages, though, such as Russian, a double negative is still a negative. However, there is no language where a double positive can form a negative.” A voice from the back of the room said, “Yeah, right.”

How did the fraternity brother get a bump on his head? He was attempting a keg stand.

A professor has a classroom filled with students about to take a philosophy finale. The only question on the test is, “Why?” All of the students begin to write feverishly. One student, however, writes, “Why not?” and leaves. The professor instantly give him an “A.”

What is the best way to save money during college? Use Happy Hour as your main dining option.

Two parents were talking one day and asked the other what their son was taking in college. The one replied, “He’s taking every penny I have!”

Astronomy professor: What causes a half-moon? College student: When you can’t get your jeans over your thighs.

What’s the difference between an American student and an English student? About 3,000 miles.

What do you get if you cross a student and an alien? Something from another universe-ity.

Chemistry professor: Now, class, here I have a beaker of H2SO4, and here I have a gold ring. Suppose I drop the ring into the sulphuric acid. Will the gold dissolve? Student: No. Professor: Good. And will you please tell us why not? Student: If it would dissolve, you wouldn’t put it in.

In a way, colleges and insane asylums are both mental institutions. The major difference being you have to show some improvement to “graduate” an asylum.

A student comes back to the dorm & finds his roommate near tears. “What’s the matter, pal?” he asked. “I wrote home for my parents to send money so that I could buy a laptop, and they sent me the laptop,” he moaned.

“How’s your song doing? Is he one of the bright young men in this area that is going to college on a scholarship?” “No. He’s going to college on a second mortgage.”

A woman called the dean of the college that her freshman son was going to. “I’m worried. I don’t know who my son can hang out with. He doesn’t have the kind of money all the other students have.” The dean replied, “Well then, he can hang out with the faculty.”

What did the music thief do in college? Take notes.

What do you call a hotdog in college? A FRAT-wurst.

What do cats major in college? String theory!

How many fraternity brothers does it take to change a light bulb? None. That’s what pledges are for.

I want to reenact a scene from Fifty Shades of Grey. You know the one where she gets a job straight out of college?

High school graduates: You’ve just sat in a chair for 4 years. How would you like to do that again, but this time you pay for it?

When I was in college, my roommate used to clean my room and I used to clean hers. We were maid for each other.

What form of art is very popular among college kids? Ramen doodles.

My college roommate was obsessed with trying to discover the largest known prime number. I wonder what he’s up to now.

In college, I lived on a houseboat and started seeing the girl next door. Eventually, we drifted apart.

Thank you, student loans, for getting me through college. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to repay you.

I can’t remember what I majored in at college. I skipped classes to some degree.

In 2020, I’m finally making use of my college degree. What was it? Mask communications.

I was so broke in college that I sometimes had to choose between laundry detergent and breakfast. It was All or muffin.

Why do sorority girls walk in groups of three or five? Because they ‘can’t even!

As a college girl, I never understood the whole Sorority thing It’s all Greek to me.

I decided to surprise my parents by visiting from college unannounced — only to find out they’d taken a vacation and not left the keys behind. Not a problem, though, all I have to do is talk to the door lock. They always told me “communication is the key.”

My college roommate was obsessed with trying to discover the largest known prime number. I wonder what he is up to now.

What did the buffalo say when his kid left for college Bison.

I’ve been friends with a small group of fellow chemistry majors since college. I guess you could say we developed strong bonds.

Why do encyclopedias make such bad neighbors? They have so many volumes.

What did the fashion design student have to do when she missed her final exam? Take a makeup exam.

275