Valentine Jokes

Q. What is the difference between a girl who is sick of her boyfriend and a sailor who falls into the ocean? A. One is bored over a man the...

Q: What did the boy owl say to the girl owl on Valentine's Day? A: Owl be yours!

Q. What did the boy bird say to the girl bird on Valentine's Day? A. Let me call you Tweet heart!

Q: What is a ram's favorite song on February 14th? A: I only have eyes for ewe, dear.

Q: What happened when the two angels got married? A: They lived harpily ever after.

Q. Did Adam and Eve ever have a date?  A. No, they had an apple!

Q: Why did the banana go out with the prune? A: Because it couldn't get a date.

If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.

Q: What did the pencil say to the paper? A: I dot my i's on you!

Do you have a date for Valentine's day? Yes, February 14th.

Q: What's the best part about Valentines Day?  A: The day after when all the chocolate goes on sale.

I gave my girlfriend a cannoli for Valentine's Day.  When she asked why, I said, "I cannoli be happy when I'm with you."

Q: Did you hear about the nearsighted porcupine? A: He fell in love with a pin cushion!

Q: What did the elephant say to his girlfriend? A: I love you a ton!

Knock Knock Who's there? Frank Frank who? Frank you for being my friend!

Q: What did the chocolate syrup say to the ice cream? A: "I'm sweet on you!"

Q: What did the bat say to his girlfriend? A: You're fun to hang around with.

Q: What kind of flowers do you never give on Valentine's Day? A: Cauliflowers!

Q: What do you call a very small Valentine? A: A Valentiny!

Q: Why did the boy put candy under his pillow? A: Because he wanted sweet dreams.

Q: What did the light bulb say to the switch? A: You turn me on.

Q. Why is lettuce the most loving vegetable? A. Because it's all heart.

Q: What did one snake say to the other snake? A: Give me a little hug and a hiss, honey.

What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $55 steak? February 14th.

Me: "I love you."  You: "Is that you or the wine talking?"  Me: "It's me talking to the wine."

Q: What did one volcano say to the other? A: I lava you.

Q: What did the boy octopus say to the girl octopus? A: Can I hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand?

Q: What did the paper clip say to the magnet? A: I find you very attractive.

Did you hear about the bed bugs who fell in love? They're getting married in the spring!

Knock Knock Who's there? Sherwood Sherwood who? Sherwood like to be your Valentine!

Knock Knock Who's there? Olive Olive who? Olive you!

What's the perfect thing to say to a coffee-lover on Valentine's Day?  "Words cannot espresso what you mean to me."

Q: What happens when you fall in love with a french chef? A: You get buttered up.

Q: What did the toast say to the butter on Valentine's Day?  A: You're my butter half!

Q: What did one mushroom say to the other on Valentine's Day?  A: "There's so mushroom in my heart for you!"

Q. Why do skunks love Valentine's Day?  A. Because they're scent-imental creatures!

Knock Knock Who's there? Luke Luke who? Luke who got a Valentine!

Q: What do you call a very small valentine?  A: A valen-tiny!

Knock Knock Who's there? Pooch Pooch who? Pooch your arms around me!

Q: If your aunt ran off to get married, what would you call her? A: Antelope.

Q. How did the phone propose to his girlfriend on Valentine's Day?  A. He gave her a ring.

Q. What did the flame say to his buddies after he fell in love?  A. "I found the perfect match!"

Q. What did the boy cat say to the girl cat on Valentine's Day? A. You're purrr-fect for me!

I just saved a bunch of money on Valentine's Day by switching to single.

Q. Why shouldn't you fall in love with a pastry chef?  A. He'll dessert you.

Q: What did the valentine's day card say to the stamp?  A: Stick with me and you'll go places

Q: What did the painter say to her boyfriend?  A: "I love you with all my art!"

Q: What is a vampire's sweetheart called? A: His ghoul-friend.

Girl: "I can't be your valentine for medical reasons."  Boy: "Really?"  Girl: "Yeah, you make me sick!"

Share a laugh with the one you love.

My boyfriend Hans and I met online. After dating a long time, I introduced him to my uncle, who was fascinated by the fact that we met over the Internet....

What did one boat say to the other? "Are you up for a little row-mance?"

Boy: Do you have a date for Valentine's Day?   Girl: Yes, February 14th.

Q: What do squirrels give for Valentine's Day? A: Forget-me-nuts.

Driving through Southern California, I stopped at a roadside stand that sold fruit, vegetables and crafts. As I went to pay, I noticed the young woman behind the counter was...

Q: What do farmers give their wives on Valentine's Day?  A: Hogs and kisses!

Q: What do single people call Valentine's Day?  A: Happy Independence Day

I met my husband while I was working in a science library. He came in every week to read the latest journals and eventually decided to take out the librarian...

What did the guy with the broken leg say to his nurse? "I've got a crutch on you."

Knock! Knock!  Who's there?  Olive.  Olive who?  Olive you and I don't care who knows it!

Q: What do you call two birds in love? A: Tweethearts.

My husband, a certified public accountant, works 15-hour days for the first few months of the year. In spite of his hectic schedule, he took time out to order me...

My high-school English teacher was well known for being a fair, but hard, grader. One day I received a B minus on a theme paper. In hopes of bettering my...

Why should you never breakup with a goalie?  Because he's a keeper.

Q: How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend? A: He gave her a ring.

Q: Why did the boy have his girlfriend put in jail? A: She stole his heart.

Q: What is the most romantic city in England? A: Loverpool.

Q: Why did the God of Love become a blackjack dealer? A: Because he was always great at the Cupid Shuffle.

What do you say to your single friends on Valentine's Day? Happy Independence Day!

139