Weather Jokes

Hilarious moments from family vacations and beach excursions.

Q: What did the evaporating raindrop say?  A: I'm going to pieces.

Electricity is really just organized lightning.  George Carlin

Q: What do you call a snowman that tells tall tales?  A: A snow-fake!

Q: Where do snowmen keep their money? A: In a snow bank.

Q: What do snowmen eat for lunch?  A: Icebergers

Q: When does it rain money?  A: When there is "change" in the weather.

As we waited for a bus in the frosty weather, the woman next to me mentioned that she makes a lot of mistakes when texting in the cold. I nodded...

Q: How does a hurricane see?  A: With its eye.

Laugh winter woes away with one of these witty springtime snippets!

Q: What did one raindrop say to the other?  A: Two's company, three's a cloud

Q: What's the difference between a horse and the weather?  A: One is reined up and the other rains down.

Q: What did the lightning bolt say to the other lightning bolt?  A: You're shocking!

Q: What is a mountain's favorite type of candy?  A: Snow caps

Q: What do you get from sitting on the snow too long?  A: Polaroids!

Q: What do you call two straight days of rain in Seattle?  A: A weekend.

Q: Whatever happened to the cow that was lifted into the air by the tornado?  A: Udder disaster!

Q: What is a king's favorite kind of precipitation? A: Hail!

How do you prevent a Summer cold?  Catch it in the Winter!

Q: Where do lightning bolts go on dates?  A: To Cloud 9

Q: Why did the man use ketchup in the rain?  A: Because it was raining cats and hot dogs

Q: What did the hail storm say to the roof?  A: Hang onto your shingles, this will be no ordinary sprinkles.

Our family took shelter in the basement after hearing a tornado warning. My husband told everyone to stay put while he got his cell phone out of the car, in...

Q: What did the snowman and his wife put over their baby's crib?  A: A snowmobile!

Q: Why did the woman go outdoors with her purse open?  A: Because she expected some change in the weather.

Q: What do you call a wet bear?  A: A drizzly bear

Q: What does a cloud wear under his raincoat?  A: Thunderwear!

Q: What do you call a month's worth of rain?  A: England

Q: What type of lightning likes to play sports?  A: Ball lightning!

Q: Can Bees fly in the rain?  A: Not without their yellow jackets.

Q: What goes up when the rain comes down?  A: An Umbrella.

Q: What do you call dangerous precipitation?  A: A rain of terror

Q: What is the Mexican weather report?  A: Chili today and hot tamale.

Q: How do hurricanes see?  A: With one eye!

Q: What does daylight saving time mean in Seattle?  A: An extra hour of rain

Q: Why does Snoop dog need an umbrella?  A: Fo' Drizzle.

Q: What type of cloud is so lazy, because it will never get up?  A: Fog!

Q: What did the thermometer say to the other thermometer?  A: You make my temperature rise.

Q: What happens when fog lifts in California?  A: UCLA!

Q: What does it do before it rains candy?  A: It sprinkles!

Q: What is a Queens favorite kind of precipitation?  A: Reign!

Q: What did the tornado say to the sports car? A: Want to go for a spin!

Q: What kind of shorts to clouds wear? A: Thunderwear!

Q: What's a tornado's favorite game? A: Twister!

Q: What did one volcano say to the other volcano? A: I lava you!

Q: What bow can't be tied? A: A rainbow!

Q: What falls but never hits the ground? A: The temperature!

Q: How do hurricanes see? A: With one eye!

Q: What did the cloud say to the lightning bolt? A: You're shocking!

Q: What happens when the fog disperses in California? A: UCLA!

Q: How hot is it? A: It's so hot, when I turned on my lawn sprinkler, all I got was steam!

Q: Who does everyone listen to, but no one believes? A: The weather reporter

Q: What is the opposite of a cold front? A: A warm back

107