Weight Loss Jokes

Nutritionist: You should eat 1,200 calories a day.  Me: OK, and how many a night?

I discovered a shortcut today. If you put your Fitbit in the dryer, you can get a head start on your steps. I had 3,800 steps in before I put...

I need to start eating more healthy, but first I need to eat all the junk food in the house so it's not there to tempt me anymore.

Q: What do you call an American folk hero who starts a weight loss trend? A: Johnny Applecidervinegar. -By Sam Benson Smith-

Q: What do you call a non-amateur live bacteria? A: A Pro-Biotic -By Sam Benson Smith-

Q: How does the Energizer bunny stay in shape? A: The Alkaline diet. -By Sam Benson Smith-

I hate brushing my teeth at night because that signifies that you can't have any more food. I'm just never ready for that kind of commitment.

Q. What do you call someone who can't stick with a diet?  A. A desserter.

I never thought I'd be the type of person who would get up early in the morning to exercise. I was right.

I gave up jogging for health reasons. My thighs kept rubbing together and setting my pantyhose on fire.

I don't need a personal trainer as much as I need someone to follow me around and slap the unhealthy foods out of my hand.

A whale swims all day, only consumes fish and water, and is fat. A rabbit only eats vegetables, runs and hops all day long, and only lives 5 years. Meanwhile...

It took a lot of willpower. But I finally gave up dieting.

"Wow, that Lean Cuisine really filled me up," said no one ever.

Why did the diet coach send her clients to the paint store?  She heard you could get thinner there.

I exercised once, but found I was allergic to it. My skin flushed and my heart raced. I got sweaty and short of breath. Very dangerous.

I choked on a carrot this afternoon, and all I could think was, "I bet a donut wouldn't have done this to me."

Ate salad for dinner! Mostly croutons and tomatoes. Really just one big, round crouton covered with tomato sauce. And cheese. Fine, it was pizza. I ate a pizza.

Today I bought a cupcake without the sprinkles. Diets are hard.

I wanted to work out...but then I wanted to not work out even more.

Q: What was the most popular weight-loss trend in the Holy Roman Empire? A: The Diet of Worms. -By Sam Benson Smith-

I keep trying to lose weight, but it keeps finding me.

I only seem to remember I want to lose weight after eating 9 cookies.

My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff.  It's enough to make a mango crazy.

49